What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?
Who created `` The Muppets '' ?
What are the four largest mountain ranges on the Asian continent ?
What is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
What are the Twin Cities ?
How much calcium should an adult female have daily ?
Who directed The Wild Bunch ?
Name 11 famous martyrs .
What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?
How old was Gene Siskel ?
How can I get my product licensed by the NBA ?
What Kennedy was married to Ethel ?
What onetime member of Ronald Reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward Indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?
Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios ' films ?
What nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?
What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote ?
What do economists do ?
What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?
Who 's played the most games for the New York Yankees ?
"How many miles is it from Frankfurt , Germany to Salzburg , Austria ?"
What common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?
Where did Honecker rule ?
What is the regular price ?
"What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?"
What is the federal minimum wage ?
How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?
Who domesticated the wild turkey ?
What George Harrison tune sounded too much like He 's So Fine by The Chiffons ?
What characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
What country other than Germany invaded Poland in September 1939 ?
Who was the 1st U.S. President ?
Who is Coronado ?
Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?
Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?
How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published ?
What is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ?
What food can I use to catch a possum ?
What was the education system in the 1960 's ?
Why did the Globe Theatre burn down ?
What are the only players eligible to score points in Roller Derby called ?
Where did he get the title ?
What is a fear of everything ?
How old is Bernadette Peters ?
What does the name Gina mean ?
Who invented baseball ?
What is the oldest profession ?
Who was the first X-Man to die in battle ?
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?
What 's the sequel to Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland ?
Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?
What is hyperopia ?
Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?
What famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
What is infomatics ?
What 's the highest-ranking suit in bridge ?
Aspartame is also known as what ?
What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?
In what state was the first co-educational college established
How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?
Why do we have to go to school ?
What sport was the first televised in the U.S. ?
What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?
How do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
Who invented the stethoscope ?
What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr. ?
What was another name for East Germany ?
What is idealab ! ?
How tall is kilamanjaro ?
Who 's baby was Sweet Pea on the Popeye cartoon ?
How do you clean an LCD monitor screen ?
When was Franklin D. Roosevelt stricken with polio ?
What 's the highest hand in straight poker ?
What is the largest city in Germany ?
What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?
"In AD 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?"
What is a fear of rejection ?
How many points are there on a Backgammon board ?
Name one of King Henry VIII 's wives .
Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space ?
What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
"Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?"
What president 's ghost is said to haunt the White House ?
What tragedy befell the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?
Where did Ty Cobb grow up ?
"Where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?"
What 's the staff of life mentioned in the Lord 's Prayer ?
What is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?
Who made Stonehenge ?
What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?
Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows ?
What 's an infant seal called ?
What is the orgin of xoxoxox ?
How was the ACLU formed ?
What does an echidna look like ?
Who invented baseball ?
What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span ?
Who shot Billy the Kid ?
Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
What is literary criticism ?
When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?
What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' ?
Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in ?
"What U.S. general died December 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?"
What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
What fool is not so wise To lose an oath to win a paradise ?
Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?
What does a chiropodist treat ?
How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
What is the life span of the average monkey ?
What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
Where was Tesla born ?
Who does data collection in tourism ?
Colin Powell is most famous for what ?
What was the former residence of Scottish kings in Edinburgh ?
What was John F. Kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?
What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?
When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?
Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
What state was named the Green Mountain state ?
What are the seven virtues ?
What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8 ?
What do I need to learn to design web pages ?
Where is the Smithsonian Institute located ?
Who is Malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?
Where does the song Anything Goes take place ?
Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?
What company 's trademark was His Master 's Voice ?
What is a fear of sourness ?
What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?
"Which came first , according to Genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?"
What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?
When did the last Americans leave Vietnam ?
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
What is a serigraph ?
How many cities are there in Utah ?
What is a fear of being alone ?
Which infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
Who 's won the most Oscars for costume design ?
Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?
What is a fear of reptiles ?
What species is a colt ?
What is the history of `` the toast '' ?
What are the five richest countries in the world ?
Why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?
What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?
Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?
What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?
What are field effect transistors ?
Where did the Inuits live ?
What does CNN stand for ?
What is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
What eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the U.S. ?
What non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
Where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?
What 's destroyed in Genesis 19 : 24 ?
What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?
Who is Ishmael in Moby Dick ?
Who was the tallest U.S. president ?
What U.S. state are the Finger Lakes in ?
What Russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the Napoleonic Wars ?
What country 's people are the top television watchers ?
What is the plural of gulf ?
CNN is owned by whom ?
What has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus ?
What is the protagonist 's name in Dostoevski 's `` The Idiot '' ?
"What Broadway musical featured the song , `` If I were a rich man ? ''"
What is titanium ?
How many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?
"What prison is found in Ossining , New York ?"
What is the fear of frogs ?
Who is Henry Butler ?
Who made the rotary engine automobile ?
What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
Why was Muhammad Ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
What is Dr. Seuss ' most popular book ?
Name Dondi 's adoptive grandfather .
How long does it take different materials to decompose ?
What is a softball made of ?
What are chloroplasts ?
Who headed Hitler 's infamous Gestapo ?
Where is the Mayo Clinic ?
What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?
"What magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?"
What is a leper ?
"What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?"
What was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the Pole ?
"What animal received royal assent as an emblem of Canada on March 24 , 1975 ?"
What blood sport features a movement called a veronica ?
Who famously rode to warn the people of Massachusetts that the British were coming ?
What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?
Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?
What makes a tornado turn ?
McCarren Airport is located in what city ?
What predators exist on Antarctica ?
Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?
What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?
Who invented the stethoscope ?
What is the theory of equivalence states ?
Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?
What is after death ?
What magazine paid Ernest Hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?
Who is Nicolo Paganini ?
What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?
"Who created the Fantastic Four , Hulk , and Thor ?"
What English word has the most letters ?
What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
Who is the Pope ?
What is magnetar ?
What was Simple Simon fishing for in his mother 's pail ?
Who developed the first polio vaccine ?
"What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky on March 21 , 1891 ?"
What is Nitrox diving ?
"What became the biggest cash crop in the U.S. in 1983 , surpassing corn ?"
When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?
How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in ?
When was Microsoft established ?
How many `` eyes '' does a coconut have ?
Who sells Viagra ?
Where are the Haversian canals ?
What is the origin of the word trigonometry ?
What does the donation process entail ?
What mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?
What 's the longest river in the world ?
What is paracetamol ?
What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?
What non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
What was the worst hurricane ?
Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones ?
What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?
Where is Guam ?
Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
What was Hitler 's favorite movie ?
What is a wet dream ?
What are some chemical properties of mendelevium ?
What made the short-lived Star Hawks strip so unique ?
Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?
Which one of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights ?
What is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
What state on the Gulf of Mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?
What kind of rocket launched the Surveyor spacecraft ?
Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?
What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?
What are the titles of some R-Rated Sony Playstation games ?
What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto `` Anything for a laugh '' ?
What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus ?
"Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?"
How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod ?
What building are British monarchs crowned in ?
What are the words to `` My Way '' written by Paul Anka ?
What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent ?
How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
What number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?
What Georgia town did Scarlett O 'Hara condemn as being full of pushy people ?
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering ?
What baseball player was known as Charley Hustle ?
What is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
What country has the highest arson rate ?
How do I know how much money to save for retirement ?
What is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?
What are Britain 's two longest rivers ?
What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?
What are the current immigration laws in US ?
How do I find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?
What is the `` fourth dimension '' ?
How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?
Which of the Seven Dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
What city is served by Tempelhol Airport ?
What is the cause of endangered species ?
What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?
What is the average hourly rate of American workers ?
What is a fear of children ?
Where do rocks come from ?
What disease is the second-biggest killer of North Americans ?
Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
Why are organ transplants more successful today ?
What state is the Filenes store located in ?
How can I get a CCT diagram ?
What color was the hundred billionth crayon made by Crayola ?
Who is Archie Bunker 's son-in-law ?
What does laser stand for ?
What is the tallest building in Japan ?
How many species of the Great White shark are there ?
What is the difference between molecules and compounds ?
What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?
What was the date of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait ?
What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?
What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?
Rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
How many colleges are in Wyoming ?
Who is Pia Zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
What is a fear of machinery ?
What does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
How do you select wine ?
What is the design of the ship Titanic ?
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
"What two Japanese cities are spelled with the letters K , O , O , T and Y ?"
What continent pushes up the Executive Committee mountain range ?
Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo attend ?
What is ouzo ?
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?
What singer sings `` Oh Boy '' ?
How do you find oxidation numbers ?
How you can raise your IQ ?
What animal occurs in Spielberg 's `` Jaws '' ?
What is Bombay duck ?
What manufacturers are there in Texas ?
When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations ?
How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?
Where is the Taj Mahal ?
In what city does Maurizio Pellegrin now live ?
What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ?
What do sailors use to measure time ?
What is the address of the famous Mexican star `` Thalia '' ?
What do chefs call The Master Spice ?
What are the names of the different toes ?
How many muscles does an oyster have ?
What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?
Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export ?
Where is Ayer 's rock ?
What is the fear of cockroaches called ?
Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?
"What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?"
Where is Kings Canyon ?
"What did 8 , CD NNS VBP TO VB NNP POS NN ."
"What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?"
What developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of U.S. Chief Justice John Marshall ?
What are Bellworts ?
What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?
What is RCD ?
What does JESSICA mean ?
What hockey player did Ronald Reagan joke he would swap Texas for ?
Who gave Abbie Hoffman his first dose of LSD ?
What are some good exercises for kids to do ?
What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
What three European countries begin with the letter A ?
What time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
What 's the Southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?
"Name the company that used the line , `` Even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?"
How much time does the blinking of an eye take ?
What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?
Which Rockefeller was sometimes called `` JDR3 '' ?
How much snow equals an inch of rain ?
What was the business of the animated Sky Hawks ?
How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?
What two cities usually mark the extremes of English Channel swims ?
Which is heavier - cream or milk ?
Where is Santa Lucia ?
What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?
Why are haunted houses popular ?
Who was Picasso ?
What is the name of a language spoken by the Sioux ?
Name a canine cartoon character other than Huckleberry Hound to have a voice by Daws Butler .
When was the San Francisco fire ?
What was the alternate to VHS ?
"What woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?"
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
What city 's airport is named Logan International ?
What 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?
How many flavors does Baskin & Robbins offer ?
What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?
What was the name of Baretta 's cockatoo ?
What Russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the Napoleonic Wars ?
What is the name of David Letterman 's dog ?
Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?
What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
What is a society ruled by elders ?
How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime ?
What country did the Nile River originate in ?
What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?
What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?
What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?
What is the name of the Jewish alphabet ?
Who invented the Wonderbra ?
What is Shalom ?
What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?
What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
Who founded the modern theory of probability ?
How many emperors were there in the Roman Empire ?
What did Martin Luther post on the church door at Wittenberg ?
What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells ?
What can communications satellites offer yachts ?
How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost ?
Why were red M&Ms discontinued then brought back ?
What U.S. state boasts Leif Ericson Park ?
What is a Jellicle Cat ?
What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
Who were the Picts ?
Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleon 's abdication ?
Who lived on the shores of the Gitchee Gumee River ?
What NFL team did Vince Lombardi end his coaching career with ?
What is a softball made of ?
What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr. ?
What does the word terrorism mean ?
What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
"What was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?"
What is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which British troops killed over 3 unarmed Indian protestors ?
What are the Cleveland Indians also called ?
"What is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?"
Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?
What African capital is named for a U.S. president ?
What is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
What 's the term for a young fox ?
What island group is Guadalcanal a part of ?
Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
"What Robert Louis Stevenson novel was inspired by Deacon William Brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?"
What animal do buffalo wings come from ?
What is the definition of spamming ?
Who wrote ` Hamlet ' ?
How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?
What heavyweight boxer was known as The Wild Bull of the Pampas ?
What is celebrated during the week of February 21-27 ?
How many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
"What shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?"
Who said `` Give me liberty or give me death '' ?
Who discovered electricity ?
What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?
What is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
Who invented the radio ?
In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?
"When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?"
What 1895 H.G. Wells novel was written under the title The Chronic Argonauts ?
How did the war of 1812 affect Delaware ?
How many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?
"What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?"
How far is London UK from California ?
What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?
What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?
What 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?
How did the months of the year get there name ?
Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star ?
What is the function of the appendix ?
Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland ?
What building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?
What is a fear of rejection ?
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
In what nation is Edessa located nowadays ?
What time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
Which is the best opening move in chess ?
What is a fear of slime ?
What measures did Clinton take to avoid the draft ?
"What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?"
How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
"What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?"
What breed of dog was the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
Who created Harry Lime ?
What was The Living Room War ?
Where is Windsor Castle ?
What is Rona Barrett 's married name ?
What problems contributed to the high failure rate of Plains farmers in the 1800s ?
Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?
"What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?"
How many people die from snakebite poisoning in the U.S. per year ?
What are the words to `` My Way '' written by Paul Anka ?
Who is section manager for guidance and control systems at JPL ?
What are the names of Jacques Cousteau 's two sons ?
Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
"What celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?"
What color of Monopoly properties are landed on most often ?
How many four star generals were there and who are they ?
When did communist control end in Hungary ?
What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler ?
What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
What is a wop ?
What is Latin for incompetent ?
How did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
"To get the most caffeine , what soda should I drink ?"
What joins white wine to put the spritz in a Spritzer ?
Who made the first airplane that could fly ?
What country in Latin America is the largest one ?
What is the full classification of a lady bug ?
What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
When did Thatcher become prime minister ?
Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
"Who wrote the song , `` Silent Night '' ?"
Where is Windsor Castle ?
Where do chihuahuas come from ?
Which classical Spanish writer said `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
What `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer Prince 's hit song ?
What province is Edmonton located in ?
How does salt melt ice and snow ?
"In what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?"
How many corners does a spritsail have ?
What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?
How many referees work a soccer game ?
How many calories are in a tomato ?
Which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three
Who invented the road traffic cone ?
"What TV series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at Silver Springs , Florida ?"
How hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
"What President served for five years , six months and 2 days ?"
What is the average weight for a man ?
When did World War I start ?
What is DEET ?
What did the crocodile swallow in Peter Pan ?
How can I stop or slow down aging ?
What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state ?
Where did the Inuits live ?
What is the world 's highest peak ?
What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal ?
Who wrote The Ugly Duckling ?
What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?
How was the Kennedy money made ?
How many stars are there in Big Dipper ?
What is Bombay duck ?
In 139 the papal court was forced to move from Rome to where ?
What does it take to be a hero ?
What time of year has the most air travel ?
"Dialing , 900 , 740-TREE to have a tree planted will cost how much ?"
What country 's flag is field green ?
What newspaper returned a Pulitzer Prize for the fraudulent story Jimmy 's World ?
Who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
Where are the 49 steps ?
What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?
What is Toulmin logic ?
What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
What do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?
How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
"What celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?"
What does Knight Ridder publish ?
Who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
What is the world 's largest distilling company ?
What is `` the great American family cereal '' ?
What does a nihilist believe in ?
What attracts tourists to Reims ?
What President became Chief Justice after his presidency ?
Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space ?
Which glamorous actress is a close friend of Dick Tracy ?
Aspartame is also called what ?
What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?
What 's the largest U.S. city on the Great Lakes ?
How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?
What is the difference between jazz and blues ?
"Name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''"
What was the nickname of model Leslie Hornby ?
Where did marijuana come from ?
Who was William Henry Harrison ?
How many countries watch MTV Europe ?
What causes asthma ?
What is a First World country ?
What is the largest office block in the world ?
Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
What are the seven seas ?
What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?
What is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?
What is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
What are the ingredients of Coca-Cola ?
What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?
What is form drag ?
When was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ?
"What Robert Louis Stevenson novel was inspired by Deacon William Brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?"
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
Where is the Virtual Desk Reference ?
What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?
What is Mikhail Gorbachev 's middle initial ?
What is the Milky Way ?
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?
What is a fear of cholera ?
What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?
What was Queen Victoria 's title regarding India ?
What `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
Name a product that controls the ripening of apples .
What U.S. state includes the San Juan Islands ?
What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbell 's tomato soup ?
Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .
What is her husband 's name ?
What color is `` ash '' ?
What country has the largest sheep population ?
How far away is the moon ?
Which is the most-used computer program ?
When was Florida admitted into the Union ?
What is the best Internet business to go into ?
What 's the official language of Algeria ?
What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
How many different countries export coffee ?
What is a handheld PC ?
What Lewis Carroll book introduced Humpty Dumpty to the world ?
How long do flies live ?
What film opens with an assassin tumbling from the Seattle Space Needle ?
What writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful Broadway and underworld characters ?
Who has won the most Super Bowls ?
What is hydrogen ?
When was John D. Rockefeller born ?
"In Kafka 's Metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?"
What was the name of `` The Muppets '' creator ?
How old is singer Freedy Johnston ?
What common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?
What is a fear of pregnancy ?
Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?
For what disease is the drug Sinemet used as a treatment ?
How is energy created ?
"Name the company that used the line , `` Even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?"
Who was the first black woman to star in the Folies Bergeres ?
What 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?
What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
Where does the tennis star Stefan Edberg come from ?
What wild and crazy guy wrote a book called Cruel Shoes ?
What is the average time to kiss somene ?
Where can I find information on becoming a journalist ?
What cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` You 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?
Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
"What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?"
What do insects do through their spiracles ?
How many counties are in Indiana ?
Where is the Valley of the Kings ?
What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?
What U.S. state 's biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn ?
What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas ?
Where did the world come from ?
Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?
What are equity securities ?
What book does Holden Caulfield appear in ?
Name the story by Chris Van Allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?
How long does a pig 's orgasm last ?
What harmful chemicals are in bug spray ?
Who produces Spumante ?
Who created the monster in Mary Shelley 's novel Frankenstein ?
When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
"What kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the English Civil War time ?"
"Who sent the brief message `` I came , I saw , I conquered '' ?"
Where is Tufts University ?
What new year is celebrated on February 16th ?
What is the location of McCarren Airport ?
"What desert country borders Saudi Arabia , Iraq and the Persian Gulf ?"
What is a person called that likes fire ?
What city boasts the Billingsgate fishmarket ?
Who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
Where can one find Rider College ?
What is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?
What famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera Hansel and Gretel ?
Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?
What Nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .
What 's the most common street name in America ?
Who said : `` Soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?
Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''
What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?
How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
How did the Hohenzollerns build their power around 17 ?
Who did Doris Day mean when she said : `` I call him Ernie because he 's certainly no Rock '' ?
What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
When did swimming become commonplace ?
"Who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway ?"
Who headed Hitler 's infamous Gestapo ?
What four U.S. states have active volcanoes ?
On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor ?
What was the name of the flight that Fawaz Younis hijacked ?
What is the tallest mountain ?
Why do we have to go to school ?
Who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?
Why did several San Diego schools remove apples from students menus ?
What non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed Jack The Dripper by Time ?
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?
What is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
What 's the largest U.S. agricultural crop by weight ?
What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play ?
Who is the owner of CNN ?
Who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for Post Grape Nuts ?
What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?
What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts ?
What is the geographical center of the US including Alaska and Hawaii ?
How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?
"How many miles are there between Tel Aviv , Israel and Memphis , Tennessee ?"
What does a chef coddle eggs in ?
What is a fear of robbers ?
Which medium is Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
How many American soldiers have died for their country to date ?
What do Hasidic Jews refrain from while dating ?
How does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?
What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?
What is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in Christmas trees ?
What does the word `` meta '' mean ?
Who was actress June Havoc 's legendary sister ?
Who is the creator of `` The Muppets '' ?
What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto `` Anything for a laugh '' ?
In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
What film ends with the line : `` This is Mrs. Norman Maine '' ?
What types of water pollution are there ?
What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz ?
What are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of Lunt and Fontanne ?
What is a nanometer ?
What President was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau ?
What sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
What is the largest lake in North America ?
What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
Who is the Queen of Holland ?
What war was fought by the Spanish as far as the Philippines ?
What does idle mean ?
What does a nihilist believe in ?
What are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics .
What 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?
How many people in the world speak French ?
What is the size of the largest akita ?
How many horses are there on a polo team ?
"When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S. , what moving company transported it ?"
What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
What 's the last line of Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
"Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?"
Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania ?
How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?
How do I sing like Elvis Presley ?
What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?
What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?
"What sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?"
What are the snakes of New England ?
How many elephants are left on earth ?
How many zip codes are there in the U.S. ?
What does Final Four refer to in the sports world ?
What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
Jackson Pollock is of what nationality ?
What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster ?
What is the full classification of a lady bug ?
Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?
What does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?
What is the wingspan of a condor ?
Who is the Voyager project manager ?
What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
What should the oven be set at for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
How do you find oxidation numbers ?
What 's the claim to fame of night watchman Frank Wills ?
"What singer became despondent over the death of Freddie Prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?"
"The lawyer who represented Randy Craft , what was his name ?"
How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?
Who recorded the 1957 hit Tammy ?
What botanical marvel did Nebuchadnezzar build ?
What is the Taj Majal made of ?
What novel did Ian Fleming introduce James Bond in ?
Who invented the fountain ?
What two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?
What is `` Chicago Hope '' ?
Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?
What river runs through Liverpool ?
"What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' ."
What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
What 's the term for a young fox ?
How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
Where can I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song Everyday for the midi ?
What hymn did John Steinbeck get his title The Grapes of Wrath from ?
"Who was the Columbia Pictures head who forged actor Cliff Robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?"
What is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''
Who penned : `` Neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
What company sells the most greeting cards ?
What is the definition of cosmology ?
Name the three races unleashed by the Celestials in Marvel comics .
What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?
What 's the world 's most common compound ?
Where did makeup originate ?
What was the first TV set to include a remote control ?
What was the species of Winnie the Pooh ?
Who is the actress Bette Davis once said she wished she looked like ?
How do you do a topic outline ?
What fruit-topped actress was known as The Brazilian Bombshell ?
What does a collier mine ?
"What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?"
What California bay 's largest island is Angel Island ?
What brand of jeans did Calvin Klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
What city contains the district of Hell 's Kitchen ?
What are the snakes of New England ?
Who was the star witness at the Senate Watergate hearings ?
What color is the stripe along each side of a Coho salmon ?
What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?
How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992 ?
What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?
How is the element strontium purified ?
How big is Australia ?
What actor dressed up as Santa Claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress Shelley Winters every Christmas for many years ?
What 's the oldest capital city in the Americas ?
What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in ?
"What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor , later fired by Nixon ?"
Name the story by Chris Van Allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?
How many referees work a soccer game ?
Where are the 49 steps ?
What President was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau ?
How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
What words in the English have two u 's back to back ?
What does MSG stand for ?
What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?
Which country is the largest country in Latin America ?
What is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box ?
"What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?"
What is prepared mustard ?
What country imposed the Berlin Blockade in 1948 ?
What ocean surrounds the Madeira Islands ?
What color are the castellated walls of the Kremlin ?
How do you fix squeaky floors ?
What is Franz Kafka 's short story `` A Country Doctor '' trying to tell us ?
Who wrote ` Dubliners ' ?
Where can I find an Ask An Expert site ?
Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
What soft drink tells us to `` Go Hawaiian '' ?
"What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?"
What do camels store in their humps ?
What is the word for love of pain or abuse ?
What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?
What do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?
Where does chocolate come from ?
What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
What famed river flows through Bagdad ?
"Whom does Uncle Duke 's girl friend , Honey , room with ?"
In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?
What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?
Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
Name a French fascist party .
What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?
What 's the nearest star to Earth ?
What knighted actor narrates TV 's The World at War ?
What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
"What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?"
Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks ?
Which NBA players had jersey number 0 ?
How long is the border between Canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
What 1981 Candice Bergen-Jacqueline Bisset movie was a remake of 1943 's Old Acquaintance ?
What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?
Who invented `` The Muppets '' ?
How did Super President gain his powers on the animated series ?
How many cities are there in Utah ?
How big is our galaxy in diameter ?
Where did surfing originate ?
What is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?
When was Hurricane Hugo ?
In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?
What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in ?
What U.S. city was named for St. Francis of Assisi ?
What rock group raised a ruckus at the White House by singing American Woman ?
Who shot Lee Harvey Oswald ?
Where can I find the status of my tax return ?
What does the T.S. stand for in T.S. Eliot 's name ?
Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?
Who portrayed Carl Bernstein in All the President 's Men ?
"What do Hank Aaron , Jimmy Stewart , and Howard K. Smith have in common ?"
What is `` cat scratch fever '' ?
How long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood ?
Name the two youngsters saved by the animated Moby Dick .
"What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?"
Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?
What is the highest continent ?
What is the Viking Prince 's first name ?
What country and western singer is known as The Silver Fox ?
Who painted Mother and Child ?
How many people did Randy Craft murder ?
What vehicles are raced in the Tour de France ?
How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
What 's a `` Drinker respirator '' better known as ?
In what movie is the number nine found in the title ?
What is the goat population of the world ?
Where is Melbourne ?
How does rabies spread ?
What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?
Where does Mother Angelica live ?
What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?
What is the purpose of a car bra ?
How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?
What are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?
Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?
What 's the highest hand in straight poker ?
What little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
"What John Steinbeck novel portrays the Joad family , driven from the Oklahoma dustbowl ?"
What is Nicholas Cage 's occupation ?
How many meters are in a mile ?
Where are the headquarters of Eli Lilly ?
How many continents are there ?
Who made the first surfboard ?
"What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?"
What is endometriosis ?
Jude Law was in what movie ?
What 's been the ruin of many a poor boy in New Orleans ?
How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?
What country and western singer is known as The Silver Fox ?
What singer sings `` Oh Boy '' ?
What 's the population of Mississippi ?
What is the population of Mozambique ?
What does ribavirin consist of ?
What is difference between a poster and a print ?
Why are lions called `` King of the Jungle '' ?
What Nevil Shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Gimli as a central character ?
Who 's baby was Sweet Pea on the Popeye cartoon ?
What ocean is the largest in the world ?
Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
When did the Carolingian period begin ?
How many people hike ?
How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
What did the pyramid-builders of Egypt mainly eat ?
Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?
What international organization was founded by Clara Barton ?
Which presidents of the USA were Masons ?
"What blew up at Lakehurst , New Jersey , on May 6 , 1977 ?"
How many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?
What are the two languages of Malta ?
What was Mae West 's last film ?
How do hermit crabs reproduce ?
"What kind of animals are Dorsets , Lincolns , Oxfords and Southdowns ?"
What is a fear of sinning ?
Where is the Keck telescope ?
What civilization invented the arch ?
How many wings does a flea have ?
What is the name of Miss India 1994 ?
What country is famous for Persian rugs ?
What are the three secondary colors ?
What city is sometimes called Gotham ?
Who shot Billy the Kid ?
What are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?
What did Walter Huston remove to perform in the movie The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ?
What are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
How does a rainbow form ?
What is the name of Dolly Parton 's rarely seen husband ?
Who reports the weather on the `` Good Morning America '' television show ?
What rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?
How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?
What is an isthmus ?
What is the chemical reactivity of helium ?
What was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with Aaron Burr ?
Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died ?
What TV series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?
What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint ?
Who killed Martin Luther King ?
What generation am I in ?
How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?
What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?
Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?
What causes panic attacks ?
Who followed Caesar ?
What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?
"What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?"
What debts did Qintex group leave ?
What animal do buffalo wings come from ?
What is the largest city in the world ?
Name Alvin 's brothers
Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
What are two plants that clothes are made from ?
Name Randy Craft 's lawyer .
How do I find a city if I have the area code ?
What was the name of Humphrey Bogart 's club in Casablanca ?
Name the three races unleashed by the Celestials in Marvel comics .
What British monarch 's lap did P.T. Barnum 's Tom Thumb sit in ?
When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
What did Benny Carter play ?
"What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?"
How can you tell when figs are ripe ?
Who invented silly putty ?
What was the name of the peace agreement imposed on Germany after World War I ?
What is the Home Rule Act ?
How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
What is the origin of `` Beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?
Who was Maria Theresa ?
What 's the second-lightest element ?
What is the fastest fish in the world ?
What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
How do birds have sex ?
What two countries are separated by the Bering Strait ?
How many people watch network television ?
What are the benefits of home school ?
How old is Jeremy Piven ?
Where can I find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?
"Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?"
Who co-starred with Julie Andrews in Mary Poppins ?
What 's the Southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?
"Who created Billy Pilgrim , a survivor of the Dresden firestorm ?"
Silly putty was invented by whom ?
What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
What are amicable numbers ?
What is the difference between jazz and blues ?
What is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
What Caribbean cult did Marcus Garvey originate ?
What does a dipsomaniac crave ?
How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy ?
What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?
What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
Which continent has the most roses ?
What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized : `` There 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
What company has built more than 2.5 billion little green houses since 1935 ?
"Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization , HUGO , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?"
Where do chihuahuas come from ?
What is the meaning of thalassemia ?
What four tournaments make up tennis ' Grand Slam ?
What city does McCarren Airport serve ?
Who is the president of the Spanish government ?
What is pasta ?
How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? Will bee eggs remain over winter ?
What color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
"How much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US ? , DT CD NN NN ,"
"What architect originated the glass house designed the Chicago Federal Center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the California ranch house ?"
What does CPR stand for ?
What is so powerful about Power Bars ?
What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?
Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?
"What cigarette company urged us , `` Come to where the flavor is ? ''"
How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?
Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
"What are the words to the cd Eminem 's , or slim shady , `` My Name Is '' ?"
What computer operating system is on the most computers ?
"What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?"
"What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''"
How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?
What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
What does Aaron mean ?
How do I tie a tie ?
What net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the Uber Cup ?
What penalty space lies between Baltic Avenue and Reading Railroad on a Monopoly board ?
What product did William Horlick discover and produce ?
What countries have the best math students ?
What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
Define cosmology .
"What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?"
"What was Mao , the Chinese leader 's , full name ?"
What was the orca 's name that died of a fungal infection at Sea World ?
Who was the king who signed the Magna Carta ?
How deep is a fathom ?
What predators exist on Antarctica ?
Who was the lawyer for Randy Craft ?
"How can people from Ireland come to the U.S. , work , and then return to Ireland ?"
What title did Suzette Charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
"What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?"
What Mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?
How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
"Where on the Web is Adventours Tours from Sydney , Australia ?"
What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?
Where can one find Mozambique ?
Who wrote ` Dubliners ' ?
What does NAFTA stand for ?
How do you stop junk snail mail ?
How many neurons are in the human brain ?
What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?
What country borders Denmark to the south ?
What is dry ice ?
How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
What is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?
What European race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
What color are seven of every 10 houses in the U.S. ?
What are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
What are the two cities in Dicken 's `` A Tale of Two Cities '' ?
Who is the father of the computer ?
What revelation did Alexander Butterfield make to the Senate Watergate committee ?
What is a stratocaster ?
Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?
What Catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen Italian cities ?
What happens to used motor oil ?
What does an edentulous smile lack ?
What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
"What inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in July , 1984 ?"
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?
"What drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?"
How can I get my product licensed by the NBA ?
What does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?
What are amphibians ?
Which Beatles disc cover honors the Rolling Stones ?
"What radio , TV and movie character did Jackie Gleason and William Bendix play ?"
Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?
How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
What countries have the best math students ?
What does the word affiant mean ?
In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
What is multimedia ?
How many zeros are there in a trillion ?
What continent 's second-highest peak is Mont Blanc ?
Who portrayed Carl Bernstein in All the President 's Men ?
What is the population of Mozambique ?
Where is the Henry Ford Museum ?
What is the most common cancer ?
What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
What is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ?
How do storms form ?
What are fingernails made of ?
What is the country of origin for the name Thomas ?
What does the acronym CPR mean ?
When was the Hoover Dam constructed ?
How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?
In the past 8 years who have the MVP players for the NHL been ?
What are the two largest birds on earth ?
In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?
How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?
On which flight did Fawaz Younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
How can I enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .
What is June 's birthstone ?
Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo ?
What does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?
Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent ?
Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?
How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
What is Michael Jackson 's middle name ?
In what county is Eckley Colorado ?
How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
How much did a knight 's armor weigh ?
What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
Where did Bill Gates go to college ?
What kind of fish is a coney ?
What is measured in curies ?
What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?
What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?
What was Eduard Shevardnadze 's job in the Soviet Union ?
What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains ?
What food of the three bears did Goldilocks eat ?
Who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
Why is Indiglo called Indiglo ?
What do camels store in their humps ?
How do I contact Answers.com direct ?
When did the American Civil War end ?
What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?
How loud is thunder ?
What are close encounters of the first and second kind ?
How does hair curl ?
What is the contents of proposition 98 ?
What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?
What is moxie ?
Where can I get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?
Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?
What is the date of Bastille Day ?
Who wrote ` Hamlet ' ?
Which one of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights ?
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
What is the largest variety of cactus ?
How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
What is troilism ?
What powdered soft drink mix went into space ?
What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?
What Dickens novel has David carrying the message `` Barkis is willin '' to Peggy ?
What soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
What 's the symbol for the zodiacal sign Gemini ?
What 's the colored part of the eye called ?
What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
How do they type Chinese characters on a keyboard ?
What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?
What are the diseases that can be cured by black cumin ?
What did Mighty Mouse always sing as he went into action ?
What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?
What does a philatelist collect ?
What man-made waterways is 1.76 miles long ?
How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?
What country boasts Ismail 's Palace and the Palace of King Farouk ?
What is Drew Barrymore 's email address ?
What Democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while Richard Nixon spoke from the caboose ?
Who created Maudie Frickett ?
What presidential administration challenged Americans to explore The New Frontier ?
Who is Ishmael in Moby Dick ?
How many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?
What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?
Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?
What are the top 5 fiction books of all time ?
Why can 't ostriches fly ?
How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
In what nation is Edessa located nowadays ?
What New York City landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?
What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?
What is a fear of drinking ?
What island has a park called The Battery at is southern tip ?
Who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
What is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
What TV character sired a horse named Thunder ?
What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
What does a dipsomaniac crave ?
How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?
Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?
In what county is Eckley Colorado ?
How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?
Who wrote the Farmer 's Almanac ?
What cigarette is `` a whole new world '' ?
What is a plant supplement ?
What Italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?
What doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
What is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ?
"What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?"
How many people in America snore ?
Who owns the St. Louis Rams ?
Who is the Prophet of Medina ?
CNN began broadcasting in what year ?
What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?
What kinds of animals are in Cambodia ?
How many hearts does an octopus have ?
What doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
Jackson Pollock was a native of what country ?
What are dinosaur droppings called ?
Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?
What is a serigraph ?
How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?
When was the first Barbie produced ?
Where can I find a case on Americans with Disabilities Act of 199 ?
How do wasps make their nests ?
"What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?"
Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 ?
How many calories are there in soy sauce ?
What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?
How many children does Ray Davies of the Kinks have ?
What are the titles of some R-Rated Sony Playstation games ?
Who was Darth Vader 's son ?
"What 1942 espionage movie reunited director John Huston with Maltese Falconers Humphrey Bogart , Mary Astor , and Sidney Greenstreet ?"
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?
Where can I get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
What actress 's autobiography is titled Shelley : Also Known as Shirley ?
Who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
What color are school buses ?
What is the population of Ohio ?
"Which U.S. President is buried in Washington , D.C. ?"
Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?
What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?
In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
Where is Sinn Fein 's headquarters ?
How successful is arometherapy ?
What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?
How is saline used in medicine ?
What is object-oriented design ?
What is the largest county in size in Massachusetts ?
What is BPH ?
"Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , ` The Godfather ' ?"
What are all the different types of pizza ?
What eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?
What U.S. state lived under six flags ?
What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?
What city has the world 's longest subway system ?
Mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?
What city was Martin Luther King Jr. assassinated in ?
What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris ?
What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?
"What was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?"
What is the size of Argentina ?
What 's Japan 's largest car manufacturer ?
What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?
Where in a tree does photosynthesis occur ?
What fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''
What did Woody Allen call the Japanese gangster film he dubbed into English as a comedy ?
Where do the Blackhawks maintain their operations ?
What 1965 film had Jack Lemmon portraying a cartoonist ?
How much salt is in the oceans ?
Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
What is dry ice ?
Boxing Day is celebrated on what date ?
What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?
How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?
How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?
How does James Bond like his martinis ?
How is water treated to make it safe to drink ?
What took first prize in Omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
Where can stocks be traded on-line ?
What is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?
What is the alphabet for Latin ?
What is a caldera ?
What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?
How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` Around the World '' ?
Who portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
What are the ages in comic book lingo ?
CNN 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?
What state 's home to the Buffalo Bill Historical Center ?
What is graduate school ?
What is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?
Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?
Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?
What United States city produces the most oil ?
What colors is magenta made of ?
What is your favorite color ?
How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
When was the Congress of Vienna ?
Who is the Antichrist ?
What college did Joe Namath play football for ?
Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?
What substance did Joseph Priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?
What U.S. President showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
What is a fear of being dirty ?
Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?
What U.S. state does the Continental Divide leave to enter Canada ?
How many watts make a kilowatt ?
Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?
What player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?
How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992 ?
What does IBM stand for ?
Who is Henry Butler ?
How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
Who is the prime minister of Japan ?
How many `` No '' answers was the What 's My Line ? panel allowed ?
What World War II leader declared : `` The blow has been struck '' ?
Who founded the Unification Church ?
What British TV series featured Emma Peel ?
Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason ?
What state produces the best lobster to eat ?
What does the Ouarterly Review of Doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?
Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
What animal 's tail is called a brush ?
What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?
What does idle mean ?
Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
What determines the value of the pearl ?
What line of candy products included Super Skrunch and Peanut Butter Oompas ?
What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics ?
What is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?
Why do we call someone `` honey '' ?
How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
What is a caldera ?
How can I call a friend in another country when I do not know the telephone number ?
What is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper ?
What have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?
Where is the largest post office building in the world ?
How long does James Bond like his eggs boiled ?
What are amphibians ?
What nationality is Gorbachev ?
What is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?
Who said `` Give me liberty or give me death '' ?
What is multimedia ?
"Where can I find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?"
When was Beethoven born ?
What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
"How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia , built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US , produce ?"
Who was Thucydides ?
How do you stop junk snail mail ?
How many colleges are in Wyoming ?
What is a fear of thunder ?
How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
What does an emperor do ?
When are sheep shorn ?
What city did the Mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?
What is worth seeing in Reims ?
Which of many numbered vats of Scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?
Who are Woody Woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?
How many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
"Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , ` The Godfather ' ?"
Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?
What type of childhood did Jules Verne have ?
How did the Great Depression affect Japan 's history ?
What is DSL ?
What does Nicholas Cage do for a living ?
Who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` Snow White and Seven Dwarfs '' ?
What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?
What country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?
Name an art gallery in New York .
Where did the marriage ceremony come from ?
What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
How do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?
How do I start a bank ?
Aspartame is also known as what ?
What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts ?
What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?
What kind of animal is Babar ?
What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?
Who is the President of Pergament ?
"What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP ."
"What 1950 film won seven Oscars , including best picture ?"
What sports magazine has the largest circulation ?
What was the name of Hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923 ?
What 's a water funnel ?
How far can you see ?
What is a fear of disease ?
How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?
What 's the northernmost U.S. state apart from Alaska ?
What hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?
What were the cities of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?
What South Vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
Where is the oldest living thing on earth ?
What qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ?
What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?
"What word occurs 46 , 227 times in the Bible ?"
What is so powerful about Power Bars ?
What is the name of the deranged super-criminal Otto Octavius uses ?
Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university ?
Who made the first airplane that could fly ?
On what river is Strasbourg built ?
Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?
What city is . KDGE Radio located in ?
What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?
Who was the first governor of West Virginia ?
Who founded the modern theory of probability ?
What is the best college in the country ?
What oldtime kids ' fare did TV Guide writer Jeff Greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive TV shows in American history '' ?
What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
What is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?
What three colors are on the French flag ?
What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?
Who wrote `` The Pit and the Pendulum '' ?
Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
What is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?
Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
What Jules Verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine Nautilus ?
Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
What college football team did Knute Rockne build into a power ?
What actor learned to play the saxophone and speak Russian for a role in a movie ?
What was the first domesticated bird ?
What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
"What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?"
What is the name of the president of Garmat U.S.A ?
What else has the swastika stood for ?
What color flies closest to the staff on Belgium 's flag ?
How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?
Who is the sexiest women in the world ?
What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
What is Shirley MacLaine known as ?
What is the best-selling book of all time ?
How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?
What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?
What was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
Who portrayed the title character in the film The Day of the Jackal ?
Where can I get information about cystic fibrosis ?
How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12
What year was the NAACP founded ?
Where does the U.S. get most of its energy ?
What is office automation ?
What type of childhood did Jules Verne have ?
How come a doughnut has a hole in it ?
What river runs through Liverpool ?
How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?
What year did Apartheid start ?
What does e.g. stand for ?
What is amezaiku ?
What age is Benny Carter ?
Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
What Muhammad Ali maneuver was George Foreman the first victim of ?
How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?
Who was the lawyer for Randy Steven Craft ?
What did Thomas Paine write ?
How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?
"What is the origin of the word , JJ ."
What does the E stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
"What prison is found in Ossining , New York ?"
How can I give myself a French manicure ?
What are Maid-Rites ?
What did Mighty Mouse always sing as he went into action ?
What do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?
Where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?
What country boasts the most dams ?
Who was the first jockey to ride two Triple Crown winners ?
How did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
What century did art 's Romantic Period begin in ?
What is a fear of trees ?
What song put James Taylor in the limelight ?
What is the rarest coin ?
What state is Niagara Falls located in ?
What planet did Percival Lovell discover ?
What color is Mr. Spock 's blood ?
"Who wrote the book , `` Song of Solomon '' ?"
What is a fear of thunder ?
How old is too old for a child to not be talking ?
What New Orleans D.A. claimed : `` My staff and I solved the assassination weeks ago '' ?
What does Knight Ridder publish ?
What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?
What country did the Nile River originate in ?
What is the name of Miss India 1994 ?
What are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?
What 's the capital of Monaco ?
How is Abigail Arcane related to the villainous opponent of the Swamp Thing ?
What city does Orly Airport serve ?
What World War II leader declared : `` The blow has been struck '' ?
What is color ?
"What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia , Arcadia , and Amazonis ?"
What is the secret of the universe ?
How do I know someone is truly in love with me ?
Who is the worst US President ever ?
Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
What is the capital of Kosovo ?
When were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
Where did Victor Hugo spend his exile ?
Who starred with Charlie Chaplin in Modern Times and The Great Dictator ?
Why do men snore ?
What country did the Mau Mau Uprising take place in ?
Where 's the GUM department store ?
What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?
What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?
How much Coca Cola is drunk in one day in the world ?
What bowl game began as an East-West contest between Michigan and Stanford in 192 ?
Where is the Isle of Man ?
Where can I read about Chiang Kai-shek ?
What is the purpose of BIOS ?
What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
What U.S. state lived under six flags ?
What was Einstein 's IQ ?
How come light bulbs go out ?
What two vegetables are combined in succotash ?
What was the education system in the 1960 's ?
What English word contains the most letters ?
"What famous New York City mayor wrote the hit song , `` Will You Love Me in December as You Do in May ? ''"
Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?
How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published ?
Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?
"What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?"
Colin Powell is best known for what achievement ?
How many oceans are there and name them ?
The film `` Jaws '' was made in what year ?
Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .
"What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?"
"Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?"
Why does a candle need a wick ?
Name an American made motorcycle .
What is hypnotherapy ?
How is bubble wrap made ?
Who was Red Grange ?
What is the origin of `` Beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?
What is the origin of the peace symbol ?
What is the fear of the computer called ?
Why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?
What is the definition of hazmat ?
What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition ?
What is a storm surge ?
What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
Why do movie and TV stars get paid so much ?
"What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?"
What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
Who 's The King of Swing ?
How do I legally make my own will and testament ?
What is a urologist ?
How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
How can you tell if someone is lying ?
Who starred in the movie The War of the Worlds ?
How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?
What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
What country lies directly south of Detroit ?
Who is Samuel Pickering ?
How do chickens have baby chicks ?
What is graduate school ?
When was Hurricane Hugo ?
How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? Will bee eggs remain over winter ?
What mountainous region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog native to ?
Where is Trinidad ?
"What soft drink first appeared in the Old Corner Drug Store in Waco , Texas , in 1885 ?"
Where did the Mayan Indians live ?
How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow ?
What was the eighth day following the Nones in each month of the Roman calendar called ?
How many milligrams are in a gram ?
How many thousands of students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996 ?
What animals did The Amazing Three masquerade as ?
What was the Ventura County police department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?
What country owns Corsica ?
Who was Monet ?
What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?
What money was used here ?
Why does it snow ?
What animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?
What is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?
What country boasts the southernmost point in continental Europe ?
What stringed weapon fires a bolt ?
What year did Montana become a state ?
What is a fear of worms ?
On which flight did Fawaz Younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
How many small businesses are there in the U.S .
What 's the state motto of California ?
What video format was an alternative to VHS ?
What are hook worms ?
What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?
"What is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?"
What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
Madonna advertises for what soft drink ?
What was the name of the Protestant revolt against the supremacy of the Pope ?
Who was the original Humpty Dumpty ?
How is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?
What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
What is the collective noun for geese ?
What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?
What were the first frozen foods ?
Why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?
What is the full form of .com ?
What color is the cross on Switzerland 's flag ?
What was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
What is a hyperlink ?
How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?
What British commander surrendered to George Washington at Yorktown in 1781 ?
What is the name of the Family Circus 's dog ?
What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra 's Needle ?
What two US biochemists won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 1992 ?
What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?
What is Greek pita ?
Whose old London come-on was : `` Buy my sweet lavender '' ?
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
What are the Twin Cities ?
What film was Jude Law in ?
How do you measure the heat of the sun ?
Who patented the first phonograph ?
What are the largest libraries in the US ?
What was Al Capone 's nickname ?
How long do hermit crabs live ?
The operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines is called what ?
What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2 ?
Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam ?
What famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
"What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?"
What Broadway show introduced the song Some Enchanted Evening ?
What was Paul Bunyan 's ox 's name ?
How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
What is the Golden Rule ?
What is a fear of speaking ?
What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?
What river runs through Liverpool ?
What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?
What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill ?
What steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
What is diabetes ?
What is the contents of proposition 98 ?
What should you do for an ankle sprain ?
In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
What 's the singular of dice ?
Which of the following actors worked in New York 's Yiddish Theater ?
What is the origin of the name Igor ?
What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux ?
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?
What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis
Ray Charles plays which instrument ?
Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?
When was CNN 's first broadcast ?
What is the music used in the new VW Beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
How do plants make food ?
What good are mosquitoes ?
Who was the first black performer to have his own network TV show ?
What London street claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?
What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?
"Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?"
How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?
Mississippi is nicknamed what ?
Which city has the oldest relationship as a sistercity with Los Angeles ?
What park contains Firehole River and Fairy Falls ?
Why are the ears your center of balance ?
How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
Mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?
What are liver enzymes ?
What is the difference between a college and a university ?
What year was the ATM first introduced ?
Who sought to create The Great Society ?
What Argentine boxer was shot dead outside a Nevada brothel in May ?
What are two plants that clothes are made from ?
What is the origin of the atom ?
"What is the US Federal Government website for Standard Industrial Classification codes , SIC , ?"
"What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?"
What color is the eight-ball in pocket billiards ?
Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?
What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?
What is the estimated total U.S. whitetail deer population ?
What is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?
What is the first personal computer company ?
How did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?
How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
Who sued the Dannon yougurt company for using a character named Ron Raider for promotion ?
What are the five most popular Usenet groups ?
How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
What movie has made the most money ?
What is the virus HIV ?
What is The Gay Science ?
What is the population of the largest Chilean city
What is the chemiosmotic theory ?
What was the Christian name of the title character in Our Miss Brooks ?
What Metropolis landmark was first introduced in the Superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
"In the Miller Lite TV commercial , who is the creature ?"
What is infomatics ?
Who won the Battle of Gettysburg ?
Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?
Which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
How long was Mao 's 1930s Long March ?
How much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
Who is the creator of `` The Muppets '' ?
Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
What were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?
How long would it take to get from Earth to Mars ?
What 1953 film won Frank Sinatra a best supporting actor Oscar ?
What is the largest sculpture in the world ?
What are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''
What part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the Old West ?
What is proposition 98 about ?
Who played Emperor Palpatine in Star Wars ?
What does G.M.T. stand for ?
"Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?"
What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become ?
"What populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?"
How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
What is an urban legend ?
What causes headaches ?
What is Martin Luther King Jr. 's real birthday ?
"What was Al Capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?"
What 's the green variety of beryl called ?
"What beer tells us , `` Grab all the gusto you can get . '' ?"
What happened to Moon Maiden ?
What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?
What are boxcars ?
What other name were the `` Little Rascals '' known as ?
"What is the address for the main government office in Rome , Italy ?"
What are the requirements for becoming a citizen of Australia ?
Where is the highest point in Japan ?
What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?
What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?
How do I increase my biceps ' size ?
What daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn became queen of England ?
How is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?
What is the population of Japan ?
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
What can be done about snoring ?
What 's the hardest substance in the human body ?
What 1963 Joseph L. Mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?
Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
What three European countries begin with the letter A ?
What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
What 's the longest river in the world ?
What is the longest river in the United States ?
Where did George of the Jungle live ?
What does the channel ESPN stand for ?
What is false consciousness ?
"What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3 , 1939 ?"
What was the alternate to VHS ?
What is hyperopia ?
How many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?
What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?
What nation boarders Mozambique ?
What is the softest part of the body ?
What is the starting salary of a radiographer ?
"What country claimed Rubens , Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens ?"
What will a compass do in outer space ?
What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?
What is different about the red and black fox ?
How long does James Bond like his eggs boiled ?
What causes rust ?
What city boasts the Billingsgate fishmarket ?
How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?
"What clause in the U.S. Constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?"
Who sells Viagra ?
How many teats does a female goat sport ?
What is a Devo hat ?
What can communications satellites offer yachts ?
When did the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' become the national anthem ?
Where is Rider College ?
How do cameras take pictures ?
When was the Bill of Rights ratified ?
When was the De Beers company founded ?
What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?
How many tiles did the Space Shuttle Columbia lose on its second flight ?
"What TV comedian worked with White Fang , Black Tooth and Pookie the Lion ?"
What is a wart ?
Who is Samuel Pickering ?
What do river otters eat ?
What is the highest Roman numeral ?
"Which U.S. President is buried in Washington , D.C. ?"
What university fired Angela Davis ?
What is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
How many species of the Great White shark are there ?
Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
What are the Poconos ?
What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
What was William F. Cody 's better-known name ?
What did Englishman John Hawkins begin selling to New World colonists in 1562 ?
What is the fear of frogs ?
Where was George Washington born ?
What country is Mount Everest in ?
What part did Benjamin Franklin play in the development of the newspaper in America ?
How many pins are used in skittles ?
What is the abbreviation for micro ?
Why do people get calluses ?
What is state tree of Nebraska ?
Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
Who first broke the sound barrier ?
How do movie blues screens work ?
How many pounds are there in a stone ?
Who created `` The Muppets '' ?
On what day were John F and Jackie Kennedy married ?
Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?
Who invented the paper clip ?
What is the fastest fish in the world ?
How do you identify prime numbers ?
What 's the largest island in the West Indies ?
What does the policeman become in the Canadian edition of Monopoly ?
How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have ?
What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?
What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint ?
How many seats does the Batmobile sport ?
What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared ?
Who was the first American in space ?
Who was the first man to return to space ?
The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
What French designer declared : `` The jean is the destructor ! It is a dictator ! It is destroying creativity. The jean must be stopped ! '' ?
Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?
"On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?"
How many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
For what reason did the Shea & Gould law firm close their L.A. office ?
What does the name Kelly mean ?
How many cables support the main span of the Golden Gate Bridge ?
When did Thatcher become prime minister ?
Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in ?
What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree ?
What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi ?
Where is Basque country located ?
What was Einstein 's birthplace ?
Who was the first American citizen awarded the Albert Medal of the Society of Arts ?
What are emblazoned on the Jolly Roger ?
Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
"Who provides telephone service in Orange County , California ?"
Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1
What is a fear of touching ?
What is the trademark of a Washington Redskin 's fan ?
Where can I find a case on Americans with Disabilities Act of 199 ?
Why was Muhammad Ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
What 's the dumbest domesticated animal ?
What causes rust ?
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
What country 's capital is Tirana ?
Who replies `` I know '' to Princess Leia 's confession `` I love you '' in The Empire Strikes Back ?
What is troilism ?
How does a hurricane form ?
Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen 's appearance .
What does S.O.S. stand for ?
What did Mr. Magoo flog on TV for General Electric ?
What are the Nordic nations ?
Where can I find an Ask An Expert site ?
What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
What color is most often used to symbolize truth ?
How much did a McDonald 's hamburger cost in 1963 ?
What 's the tallest building in New York City ?
What is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?
What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000 ?
What is `` flintknapping '' ?
What web sites are linked to the Report on Genesis Eldercare ?
What format was VHS 's main competition ?
Who is Barbara Jordan ?
Where can I find lyrics for R&B ?
What is the name of the kids ' show from Canadian Public TV with the singing pineapple ?
How many films did Ingmar Bergman make ?
Which is heavier - cream or milk ?
In what year did Thatcher gain power ?
What people make up half the Soviet Union 's population ?
How much is a Canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?
In which sport is there a `` scrum '' ?
Where is Erykah Badu originally from ?
What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?
Which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?
How is Paraguay for vacations ?
What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?
Who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?
"What are Cobol , Fortran , and Pascal ?"
What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently ?
Independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?
Who is the best known villain of the 165 Gunpowder Plot ?
"Who died with more than 1 , 000 U.S. patents to his credit ?"
What function does a community 's water tower serve ?
What is the brand name of daminozide ?
What kind of dog is Scooby Doo ?
What meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935 ?
"What product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?"
What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?
How old was Lucille Ball when the show `` I Love Lucy '' premiered ?
Which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?
Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?
Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?
How do I tie dye clothes ?
What happened to Pompeii ?
Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?
Name of King Arthur 's sword ?
What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
Where is Los Vegas ?
What is the Kashmir issue ?
Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?
Who directed Citizen Kane ?
What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
"What is the origin of the word , magic ?"
What 1976 Deep Throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?
How is the word ` qigong ' pronounced ?
What are pushed and coupled in hump yards ?
Who created the character James Bond ?
What country is located at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude ?
How do windmills work ?
What is the English translation for the word `` caliente '' ?
Who won World War II ?
What color is most often used to symbolize truth ?
How many school districts are there in the United States ?
How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?
How were the days of the week named ?
Where is Los Vegas ?
What are the Low Countries ?
Name one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .
"What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?"
How many times a year does the American Gourd Society publish The Gourd ?
Who wrote ` The Pines of Rome ' ?
Where is your corpus callosum ?
What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?
Who is King in Alley Oop 's home of Moo ?
What disease did August von Wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?
What are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
Which of the following people is not associated with Andy Warhol ?
What kind of car did Janis Joplin ask the Lord to buy her ?
What is Doegs ?
How do I check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?
What group asked the musical question Do You Believe in Magic ?
Name the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross .
Where is Trinidad ?
How many people have died of tuberculosis ?
What 's the capital of Taiwan ?
Where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?
Name Pittsburgh 's baseball team .
What is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?
Name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''
Who were leaders of the Byzantine empire ?
What is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?
When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
How do storms form ?
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
What kind of creature is a coot ?
What company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?
What is a fear of ruin ?
Where do quality drinks begin ?
What 's the name of the Tokyo Stock Exchange ?
What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?
What are the numbers that fit into Fermont 's last theorem ?
What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?
Name the four stories contained in Edith Wharton 's `` Old New York . ''
With whom did Bush compare Saddam Hussein ?
How many corners does a spritsail have ?
What vehicles are raced in the Tour de France ?
How does lightning travel ?
What was `` America 's recessed-filter cigarette '' ?
What video format was an alternative to VHS ?
What is after death ?
What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
"Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?"
When was Richard Nixon born ?
How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
What does the donation process entail ?
What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?
"What are the words to the cd Eminem 's , or slim shady , `` My Name Is '' ?"
What is the current unemployment rate in the U.S. ?
Who asked the musical question : `` Have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
How many people live in Chile ?
What do manatees eat ?
What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent ?
"What happened on January 15 , 1969 ?"
What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?
Who invented Astroturf ?
When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations ?
What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?
Who was the king who signed the Magna Carta ?
Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star ?
What are the four elements ?
Where is Mile High Stadium ?
Where did the Maya people live ?
Where can one find Mozambique ?
Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?
What fossilizes to form coprolite ?
What 's the Olympic motto ?
In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein ?
When was the first American encyclopedia published ?
What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?
What did Tristan come back as ?
What is a fear of motion ?
What vowel do all Esperanto nouns end in ?
What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?
Where was George Washington born ?
What were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
What does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?
What series of trials followed World War II ?
What are the largest deserts in the world ?
What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
What card company sells Christmas ornaments ?
What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?
When did the use of `` the syringe '' first appear in medicinal history ?
How long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature ?
How long does it take to hike the entire Appalachian Trail ?
What types of water pollution are there ?
Name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
What London street is the home of British journalism ?
Define the Pheonix Club ?
What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?
"When Superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?"
How many times has Harold Stassen announced a drive for the White House ?
Who was International Olympic Committee chairman at the 1936 Summer Games ?
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
What school does Tom attend in Tom Brown 's School Days ?
Who was Bonnie Blue Butler 's father ?
Why do we call someone `` honey '' ?
Who was Monet ?
How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ?
What is average salary of restaurant manager in United States ?
What is the full form of .com ?
When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?
When does the Bible say the seasons started ?
What net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the Uber Cup ?
Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?
"What President was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the Hudson River at Hyde Park , New York ?"
How many visitors go to the Vatican each year ?
How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
Who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
What do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?
What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?
What is artificial intelligence ?
Why is poop sometimes different colors ?
How many Marx Brothers were there ?
What is molybdenum ?
What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?
How far can a man travel in outer space ?
What city was President William McKinley shot in ?
Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?
What generation am I in ?
When was the Battle of Hastings ?
What state did Helen Keller call home ?
What is the largest sculpture in the world ?
What was the backup singing group for Roy Rogers ?
In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?
What is idealab ! ?
What 's an auberge in France ?
What 's the official language of Algeria ?
"What U.S. Congressman said : `` Keep the faith , baby '' ."
How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
How do birds have sex ?
Colin Powell is famous for what ?
Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?
What is a fear of going to bed ?
Who directed `` Jaws '' ?
How can you tell if someone is lying ?
What was the sequel to The Moon 's Balloon ?
What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?
Independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?
What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
Where can I read about Chiang Kai-shek ?
How many Fig Newtons are there to the pound ?
What tennis term is said to come from the French word for egg ?
What does 7847+5943 equal ?
Who won World War II ?
What is HDLC ?
What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?
What 's the sequel to Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland ?
"What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri ?"
"What dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?"
How many Stradivarius violins were ever made ?
Who is the most sexy celebrity ?
Who was the first President to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
What are birds descendents of ?
What are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
Who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
What is it like to experience a near death episode ?
What did brontosauruses eat ?
What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?
Why was the zipper invented ?
What is BPH ?
What are all the rivers in Europe ?
What 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
"In Kafka 's Metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?"
How old is the sun ?
What woman pitcher has struck out Ted Williams and Hank Aaron ?
Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
"Whose funeral train traveled from Washington D.C. to Springfield , Illinois ?"
What city 's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest ?
What erupts every hour at Yellowstone National Park ?
When is President Nixon 's birthday ?
How did water appear on the earth ?
How many sides does an obelisk have ?
What film featured Shirley MacLaine as a prostitute and Jack Lemmon as a pimp ?
What Tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?
"Where can I find a tape or book to help me say , write and understand Japanese ?"
Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?
What is the `` Global Economy '' ?
What do Christian Scientists believe in ?
How effective are condoms in protecting against AIDS ?
What is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?
How can I get rich quick ?
How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?
What 's the dumbest domesticated animal ?
What is a transistor ?
What is the filmmakers collabrative ?
"How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?"
What was the Vietnam War ?
How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
What 's the most popular form of bridge ?
What American actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?
What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
Who was the first American world chess champion ?
How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
What time of year do most people fly ?
What planet gave bith to Superman ?
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
What is Betsy Ross famous for ?
What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?
What is the C programming language ?
How do fuel injectors work ?
What occupation has the highest divorce rate ?
What are the seven seas ?
What season begins with the vernal equinox ?
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
What country saw the origin of the Asian Flu ?
Where is South Bend ?
What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?
When did CNN begin broadcasting ?
"What is the origin of the word , JJ ."
What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953 's Stalag 17 ?
The Jewish alphabet is known as what ?
What is the most common name ?
"How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD ."
What country contains the highest point in South America ?
What are the names of the different toes ?
"What are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?"
In what year did Thatcher gain power ?
Who made the first gas engine ?
When was the G7 group of nations formed ?
"What clause in the U.S. Constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?"
What was the filling in the first golf balls ?
"What TV series featured Neal , a martini-drinking St. Bernard ?"
"Name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except Q , with no repeats ."
What happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?
"What overalls are named for Dungri , a suburb of Bombay ?"
What are the Poconos ?
CNN is owned by whom ?
What country received all the Nobel Prizes awarded in 1976 ?
What is Occam 's Razor ?
How many different kinds of ice cream are there ?
What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?
Who is the composer of `` Canon in D Major '' ?
What kind of organization is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?
What were the first frozen foods ?
What kind of wine is Spumante ?
"What famous New York City mayor wrote the hit song , `` Will You Love Me in December as You Do in May ? ''"
What is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
What is a meerkat ?
What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?
What is the capital of Burkina Faso ?
What is a glory hole ?
What is witch hazel ?
How many years did Sleeping Beauty sleep ?
How many major Nazi leaders went on trial after the war at Nuremberg ?
What 's a male witch called ?
What film was Jude Law in ?
What is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?
When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?
What is the definition of a cascade ?
Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .
Who played Emperor Palpatine in Star Wars ?
When did Theo Rousseau paint the `` Forest of Fontaine '' ?
"What do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9-8-98 ?"
What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?
What is capitalism according to Max Weber ?
What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?
In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
What presidential administration challenged Americans to explore The New Frontier ?
How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
What is the name of Kevin Costner 's movie about Sioux Indians ?
Who owns CNN ?
Who liberated 19th century Sicily and Naples ?
What is the origin of the word nevermind ?
How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
What is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?
How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
What is the frequency of VHF ?
What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
Which is the most-used computer program ?
In what year was the Berlin Wall erected ?
Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?
How many spears are there on Kenya 's flag ?
What London museum features a Chamber of Horrors ?
What boxer 's life story is titled Raging Bull ?
What was the filling in the first golf balls ?
What island is home to statues called Mauis ?
What term does a Czech use to describe a Pole ?
Who was known as the Time Master in comic books ?
What effect does friction have on perpetual motion ?
What is the meaning of the name Ella ?
What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
When was China 's first nuclear test ?
What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?
Who gave us the `` Rolling Writer '' ?
How long does a dog sleep ?
What 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?
What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for ?
What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
What do the 12 days of Christmas mean ?
What was spawned the term `` MiG Alley '' ?
How do you do a topic outline ?
What are the stars made of ?
Who told all in Ball Four ?
Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
What is Olestra ?
What TV series features the adventures of a married couple named Jonathan and Jennifer ?
What interesting method was used to run the credits in the early Popeye cartoons ?
What is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
What is barnstorming ?
Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?
What is Larry King 's job ?
What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?
How do I write to my Congressman ?
What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi ?
What two body parts grow all your life ?
How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
"Whose funeral train traveled from Washington D.C. to Springfield , Illinois ?"
Who designed London Bridge ?
How many people are taller than 7 feet ?
How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
What state does Martha Stewart live in ?
What is object-oriented design ?
Who markets Spaghetti-o 's ?
Where did the Battle of the Bulge take place ?
What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
What city does Orly Airport serve ?
What is Compaq 's mission statement ?
Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
How much of the earth 's surface is permanently frozen ?
How far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?
What is the Lost Colony ?
What was Mao 's second name ?
What TV station did Mary Richards work for ?
Who developed the first polio vaccine ?
What did the Yalta Conference lead to ?
Where did Luther display his `` Ninety-Five Theses '' ?
Who played Lucas McCain on The Rifleman ?
What 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in America ?
How much does the President get paid ?
What is another name for nearsightedness ?
What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
What is Win Rah ?
Who wrote the Bible ?
How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
Why do people get calluses ?
What South African producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?
Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .
"Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?"
How can you prevent it ?
What 's the international radio code word for the letter B ?
What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?
When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
In what high-risk business venture did Jimmy the Greek bet and lose ?
What film featured Shirley MacLaine as a prostitute and Jack Lemmon as a pimp ?
What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
Who played the title role in The Romantic Englishwoman ?
What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
"What color , s , appear on boxes of Kodak film ?"
"What TV character said ; `` One of these days , Alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?"
How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?
What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?
What was the Chivington Massacre ?
Where can I get information about cystic fibrosis ?
What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
What was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with Aaron Burr ?
What does an echidna look like ?
How do fuel injectors work ?
How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
What card company sells Christmas ornaments ?
Where do you find the answers for all these questions ?
Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?
What TV series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
How is thalassemia defined ?
What are Maid-Rites ?
Who is the Antichrist ?
What New Hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in U.S. presidential elections ?
What are the 10 plagues of Egypt ?
What century did art 's Romantic Period begin in ?
What is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
What chess outcome results when a player has no legal move ?
What is leukemia ?
Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985 ?
Who was the first man to return to space ?
What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush ?
Who was Scrooge 's dead partner in Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
"What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?"
"Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?"
How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
What are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the Iberian peninsula in Europe ?
What nuclear process takes place in an H-bomb ?
What is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?
"What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?"
Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?
What is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in Top Cat 's neighborhood ?
"What was organized as a Confederate veterans ' social club in Pulaski , in Tennessee , in 1866 ?"
What is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
"What disease plagued Europe , Africa and Asia ?"
What is the meaning of Jesus ?
Why is poop sometimes different colors ?
Who was the first host of Person to Person ?
"When did President Kennedy , Lee Harvey Oswald , and Jack Ruby all die ?"
What professional sports league originated the college draft ?
When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
Who is the Incredible Hulk in reality ?
What is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box ?
Where is Rider College located ?
What U.S. city 's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch ?
Who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
"What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America ?"
What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?
What happened to Answers.com ?
What is the best college in the country ?
Who was the girl in Peter Sellers 's soup ?
What is a dangling participle ?
Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?
What was Dwight Eisenhower 's favorite card game ?
How many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?
Which sex is denied voting rights in Kuwait ?
Who protects DC Comics ' realm of dreams ?
What do sailors use to measure time ?
Which major diamond producer is based in South Africa ?
What percentage of Americans own their homes ?
What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?
"What soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own Marvel comic book ?"
What do I have to do to get good grades in school ?
"What does Ms. , Miss , and Mrs. stand for ?"
What international sport was originally called hurley ?
What is a drought ?
What is the origin of the word Marijuana ?
What does the term glory hole mean ?
What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
Who is the richest woman in the world ?
What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?
What is the origin of the word assassinate ?
"What is deadrise , nautical , ?"
"What book opens : `` At a certain village in La Mancha , which I shall not name.. . '' ?"
"Why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?"
What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized : `` There 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
What happens when a body part falls asleep ?
What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
Who portrayed Renaud in Casablanca ?
How many small businesses are there in the U.S .
What is a fear of weakness ?
How big is the Electoral College ?
What famous comic strip character died of acne ?
Where can I find lyrics for R&B ?
What kind of sports team is the Buffalo Sabres ?
What is the Home Rule Act ?
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?
How is water treated to make it safe to drink ?
Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?
How high is the city of Denver ?
What 2th-century fictional character attends Pencey Prep School ?
"What is a fear of odors , body , ?"
What is the half-life of P-32 ?
What is time ?
What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard ?
What countries earn the most from tourism ?
What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?
Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?
CNN is an acronym for what ?
Who created the character of Scrooge ?
What are the lyrics to `` Smelly Cat '' ?
What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
What is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?
What U.S. state has the most blondes ?
What does Robert mean ?
What country is Kosovo a part of ?
Why can 't ostriches fly ?
Name a canine cartoon character other than Huckleberry Hound to have a voice by Daws Butler .
How long does cocaine stay in your system ?
What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster ?
Where can I find book reviews of `` Turbulent Souls '' ?
What is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?
What causes rust ?
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
Who played the title role in I Was a Teenage Werewolf ?
What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?
What major Victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
What kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
How does a hydroelectric dam work ?
What actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading Scotland Forever ?
What is Smartnet ?
What is a fear of sourness ?
What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
Which organization is the Security Council a part of ?
What is a fear of shadows ?
Who is Shirley MacLaine ?
"What product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?"
What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
When was child labor abolished ?
What city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
"The lawyer who represented Randy Craft , what was his name ?"
The Orange Bowl is located in what city ?
What started in 1849 when gold was discovered at Sutter 's Mill ?
What do Italians call Florence ?
What Mediterranean island is home to the first Club Med ?
Who was America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 ?
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
What U.S. university boasts the largest library ?
What are the Valdez Principles ?
What are tourist attractions in Reims ?
What is Garry Kasparov famous for ?
What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?
Who is the President of Ghana ?
What is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
"What former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?"
What is splatterpunk ?
"What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?"
What is a Canada two-penny black ?
What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
What was the name of Baretta 's cockatoo ?
Name a Salt Lake City newspaper .
Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?
How many islands make up Antigua ?
What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12
What is the primary language of the Philippines ?
How does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?
When is the Sun closest to the Earth ?
Who 's played the most games for the New York Yankees ?
What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?
What animal has the biggest eyes ?
Which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?
What name does the world know Renaissance artist Kyriakos Theotokopoulos by ?
What is agent orange ?
"What famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?"
Name a tiger that is extinct .
How far out is the universe ?
What film was based on the play Everybody Comes to Rick 's ?
How do Ouija Boards work ?
What is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state ?
Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?
How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?
What president kissed the Queen Mother on the lips ?
What is Archimedes famous for ?
What are binomial coefficients ?
What is an arab strap ?
How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock ?
What task does the Bouvier breed of dog perform ?
What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
When did the Dow first reach ?
What award is the `` Oscar '' of advertising ?
What does `` Janelle '' mean ?
What is the airport code for Los Angeles International ?
How many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in Edgar Degas 's 1886 painting The Tub ?
What TV show did John Sebastian sing the theme for ?
What nationality is Pope John Paul II ?
How many cullions does a male have ?
How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?
Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?
What are all the southern states of the United States ?
What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree ?
What is the name for clouds that produce rain ?
What does Robin Williams do ?
Where did the Japanese Imperial Forces surrender to end WWII ?
"What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?"
Where are the Austerlitz and Victor Hugo subway stops ?
What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
When is Boxing Day ?
What was the name of Randy Craft 's lawyer ?
Which two inventors invented Post-its ?
What 's the most popular form of bridge ?
What female suspect in the game of Clue is single ?
What country did the Allies invade in World War II 's Operation Avalanche ?
What ice creams contain seaweed ?
What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?
What are the residents of the island of Lesbos called ?
What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
How many Stradivarius violins were ever made ?
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Gimli as a central character ?
"Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?"
What is a Cartesian Diver ?
What is `` bloodhound '' ?
What is the HIGHEST Roman numeral ?
What two countries fought the Hundred Years ' War ?
What is a fear of being alone ?
What film had Bette Davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
What product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?
What New England state carries the telephone area code 27 ?
What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
Who invented the game bowling ?
Who was the first woman governor of Wyoming ?
What is the average hours per months spent online by AOL users ?
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?
How would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
What 1964 film introduced the song My Kind of Town ?
When did CNN go on the air ?
What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer ?
What drink contains as many types of rum as possible ?
What 's another name for aspartame ?
Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?
"Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?"
What Asian gulf were the destroyers Maddox and C Turner Joy shot up in ?
What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?
How old is the universe ?
What U.S. state ends with a G ?
What country was Hitler the chancellor of ?
When did the vesuvius last erupt ?
Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts ?
How many types of cheese are there in France ?
What car was driven in the 199 release of `` Smokey and the Bandit '' ?
Why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
What is the fear of cockroaches called ?
What 's the supreme policy-making bureau of the Soviet Communist Party ?
What direction do the best surfing beaches face ?
What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` Oil '' ?
Who makes the `` Die Hard '' car battery ?
What city in Florida is Sea World in ?
"Who did Arthur H. Bremer try to assassinate on May 15 , 1972 ?"
"When it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?"
Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?
Where is Romania located ?
Who is the president of the Spanish government ?
What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
What is Jane Goodall known for ?
Who was Whitcomb Judson ?
What is the best art and design school in the world ?
What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
What was the first TV set to include a remote control ?
How many Russians have landed on the moon ?
How many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters : c ?
What is a firewall ?
What sports magazine has the largest circulation ?
What international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?
What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?
What state did Anita Bryant represent in the 1959 Miss America contest ?
What is the name of a Greek god ?
What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?
What is the highest mountain in the world ?
What movie did Steven Spielberg direct in 1975 ?
What is the abbreviated term used for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
What was the Ventura County police department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?
What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?
What amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
"What actor and World War II airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by Hermann Goering ?"
What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?
How many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?
How did the war of 1812 affect Delaware ?
What is the principal river of Ireland ?
What song did Patti Page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
"What exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?"
What 's the nearest star to Earth ?
Why is the moon different sizes and colors ?
What South Vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
What 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?
What does pH stand for ?
What is Nicholas Cage 's profession ?
At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?
How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?
How many people in the world speak French ?
How big is a quart ?
What is the executor in a will ?
When was John D. Rockefeller born ?
What are the four largest mountain ranges on the Asian continent ?
How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
What causes `` rolling thunder '' ?
"What is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` Hajo ? ''"
Who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` Snow White and Seven Dwarfs '' ?
What is the longest English word ?
What is barnstorming ?
What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?
What were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?
Who is Mia Farrow 's mother ?
Name a novel written by John Steinbeck .
What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?
What is the capital of Italy ?
Who directed the first Woody Woodpecker cartoon ?
What is the English translation for the word `` caliente '' ?
Who wrote the Farmer 's Almanac ?
What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
How long does cocaine stay in your system ?
Name a ballet company Mikhail Baryshnikov has danced for ?
Who seized power from Milton Obote in 1971 ?
Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 such a successful computer program ?
What 's the term for any four-sided figure ?
The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what ?
What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?
What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?
Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?
Where is the world championship sled dog race held each February ?
What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
What is the most famous German word in the English language ?
What is a pig in a poke ?
How does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
Who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?
About how many Americans are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
How can I search for a word within my own webpage ?
How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?
"What group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the Stonewall , a Greenwich Village gay bar ?"
Why did the Anglican church split from the Vatican ?
What are hook worms ?
What is a fear of cholera ?
How does an abacus work ?
Who commanded the French forces at the Battle of Orleans ?
Who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
"What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?"
What Asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
Why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league ?
What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
What is leukemia ?
What is Li 'l Abner 's last name ?
What does Visine get out ?
What 's a short ton ?
When did Hitler come to power in Germany ?
What baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?
When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities ?
In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins ?
What is God ?
What is the origin of the atom ?
What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in ?
How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?
Who is Stein Eriksen ?
Who was Confucius ?
When did CNN begin broadcasting ?
What four tastes can a human distinguish ?
Who made the most appearances in the center square on Hollywood Squares ?
What Sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
Who is Zebulon Pike ?
What baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?
What 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
Which German president was pressured into appointing Hitler chancellor in 1933 ?
What is the function of RAM ?
What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris ?
Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
What do bicornate animals have two of ?
What are the top 10 colleges in the United States in the field of engineering ?
What happened in the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
Who was the first black woman to star in the Folies Bergeres ?
What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock ?
What does palindromic mean ?
What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?
What is hydroelectricity ?
"What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?"
What is the C programming language ?
How many grooves are on a dime ?
What is a fear of women ?
How do microwaves work ?
How do I find a snowboarding website ?
Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
What is a handheld PC ?
Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
What British prime minister and U.S. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?
Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?
Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?
How do cameras take pictures ?
What is Britain 's possession on the Chinese mainland ?
How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
Where was chop suey invented ?
What are the various ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level ?
What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?
How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
Which operating system runs on IBM-compatible machines ?
What rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?
What is Mississippi 's state animal ?
What are the top ten all-time money making NFL teams ?
"What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?"
What date is Boxing Day ?
What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
What is the Scotch `` for people who know the difference '' ?
How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
"Where is Natchitoches , Louisiana ?"
When were the Olympic Games in which Nadia Comaneci became popular played ?
What is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?
What is the fear of the computer called ?
"What kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the English Civil War time ?"
What incident caused the canning of a summit conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev ?
How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?
What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?
What has been the most common Christian name of U.S. presidents ?
When did they canonize the Bible ?
What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?
What was Einstein 's IQ ?
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball at ?
How long does it take to travel from Tokyo to Niigata ?
What is the capital of Seattle ?
What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers ?
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
How many American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
What is the regular price ?
What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?
What do the Japanese call Japan ?
What does a chiropodist treat ?
Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to ?
How many real fruit juices are there in a can of Hawaiian Punch ?
Name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` Gulliver 's Travels . ''
What do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?
Who was Samuel Johnsons 's friend and biographer ?
What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?
What does the River Seine empty into ?
Who portrayed W.C. Fields in the film W.C. Fields and Me ?
What country is proud to claim Volcano National Park ?
What did the Chinese emperor present to the English soldier Gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?
What is the name given to the Islamic counterpart of the Red Cross ?
Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .
Who portrayed Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in The Desert Fox ?
"What was Nine Tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?"
Who created the character of Scrooge ?
How do websites like Yahoo and Excite make money ?
Whose kidnaping was termed The Crime of the Century ?
Who invented the Moog Synthesizer ?
What is the first day of the week ?
What movie told of Anna Anderson 's claim to be a Russian czar 's daughter ?
When was the slinky invented ?
Who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
What is crabgrass ?
What is hypertext ?
How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
What 's the fifth-largest country in the world ?
Who played the father on `` Charles in Charge '' ?
What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
Who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
Which Beatles disc cover honors the Rolling Stones ?
How many films did Ingmar Bergman make ?
What journalist can be found in and around Walden Puddle ?
What are the four most widely-used languages in North America ?
What movie has made the most money ?
What Texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
How many school districts are there in the United States ?
What bread company used to feature stickers of the Cisco Kid on the ends of their packages ?
What was Queen Victoria 's title regarding India ?
What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?
What 's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle ?
What does Venus Retrograde mean ?
What famous events have happened on March 27 ?
Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?
What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?
What animal causes the biggest threat to humans ?
What is hypnotherapy ?
Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?
What is the mission of Nike ?
What carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?
What actress starred in `` The Lion in Winter '' ?
Which Rockefeller was sometimes called `` JDR3 '' ?
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
"What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''"
What is the present Pope named ?
What is the nickname of Pennsylvania ?
What creative genius said : `` Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits '' ?
What is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?
What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?
What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
What is a rhomboideus minor ?
What is the population of the United States ?
What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?
What is federal income tax ?
What does `` Janelle '' mean ?
What exactly is radiation ?
What artist 's studio was the Bateau-Lavoir in Montmartre ?
"What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?"
What is the meaning of Jesus ?
Who is the Incredible Hulk in reality ?
What does the name `` Sheri '' mean ?
What is idealab ! ?
What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
"What Italian city of 155 were Leonardo da Vinci , Michaelangelo , and Machiavelli all working in ?"
What is a cake of soap ?
What does the name Kelly mean ?
Name a Gaelic language .
"How many miles is it from London , England to Plymouth , England ?"
What is prepared mustard ?
How big is our galaxy in diameter ?
What is the most widely cultivated plant ?
What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?
Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?
Where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?
When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?
What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?
The second most popular sport worldwide is what ?
Who advised listeners to `` see the U.S.A. in your Chevrolet '' ?
Which cats pursued Tweety Pie in his first cartoon appearance ?
Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?
Why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?
What is a `` repeating voter '' ?
What TV quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of Vera Lynn 's We 'll Meet Again ?
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?
How many Fig Newtons are there to the pound ?
What did Walter Huston remove to perform in the movie The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ?
What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline ?
What city hosted the first Winter Olympics in Asia ?
What is the meaning of `` CPR '' ?
What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
How do I find info about rice importers in the world ?
What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?
What does Elysium mean ?
"What are the 7 principles of learning from the Institute for Research on Learning , IRL ?"
Where are all European and American eels born ?
What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only `` My God '' in his log ?
What 's the most common nickname of U.S. college football teams ?
Where is McCarren Airport ?
What is a fear of bees ?
What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?
What does a resurrectionist steal ?
What is The Gay Science ?
What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?
How many different vegetation zones are there ?
What is the highest peak in Africa ?
What holidays or observances are celebrated in Italy ?
What was the sequel to The Pink Panther ?
What is a fear of failure ?
In the movie Groundshog Day what is the name of the character played by Andie MacDowell ?
What are the alveoli ?
What is Jimmy Olsen 's full name ?
Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
"In South Korea , how many American Soldiers are there ?"
How is Abigail Arcane related to the villainous opponent of the Swamp Thing ?
What two Caribbean countries share the island of Hispaniola ?
"Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?"
What is the world 's highest peak ?
What two presidents of the U.S. published books of poetry ?
Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage ?
What record company was formed by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss ?
What date did man first land on the moon ?
What does the name Gina mean ?
"Who killed more people , Hitler or Stalin ?"
What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?
What is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
How many bones are there in the human hand ?
What will the weather be today ?
Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
Who commanded the French forces at the Battle of Orleans ?
What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?
What is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
Where did Hillary Clinton graduate college ?
What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865 ?
"What actor and World War II airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by Hermann Goering ?"
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?
Where do hyenas live ?
What is Cabarnet Sauvignon ?
What is the origin of the city `` Corpus Christi '' ?
What river flows past the Temple of Karnak ?
What city is Logan Airport in ?
What natural attractions draw the most visitors in the United States ?
Who was the first President to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
What causes an earthquake ?
Where are good science sites on the Internet ?
What character narrates Treasure Island ?
Why did the chicken cross the road ?
How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
What is website of the International Court of Justice ?
What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?
What is a fear of hair ?
What police force did Mack Sennett create ?
What colors make up a rainbow ?
Who was the Secretary of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg ?
Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
What are the wolverine habits ?
What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?
What is a wart ?
"What poet wrote : `` ... I have promises to keep , and miles to go before I sleep '' ?"
Which team won the Super Bowl in 1968 ?
When was the NFL established ?
What Stephen King novel is set in a graveyard for pets ?
What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?
Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?
What country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?
What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?
Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .
What do penguins eat ?
What is a Devo hat ?
What 's comic strip photographer Peter Parker 's secret identity ?
What university fired Angela Davis ?
How many types of lemurs are there ?
What are tonsils for ?
What are the world 's four oceans ?
What is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
What is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?
How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?
What sea is Bombay on ?
What does the abbreviation IOC stand for ?
What is e-commerce ?
What well-known actor is the father of star Alan Alda ?
What state does Charles Robb represent ?
Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
When does menstruation begin ?
What kind of organization is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
What makes you fat ?
"Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?"
What was the first Gilbert and Sullivan opera ?
Where does the tennis star Stefan Edberg come from ?
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?
How many miles is it from NY to Austria ?
What is Zionism ?
What does a resurrectionist steal ?
Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
How is silk screening done ?
What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
What is Britain 's possession on the Chinese mainland ?
How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey ?
What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?
What is the world 's best selling cookie ?
What is the goat population of the world ?
What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?
What drug did Sigmund Freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
How do I increase my biceps ' size ?
How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?
What 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?
"In Waugh 's `` A Handful of Dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?"
Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
Why didn 't European colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
When was Calypso music invented ?
What is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?
What is one of the languages spoken by the Sioux called ?
Which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?
What kind of greeting is appropriate to send on Yom Kippur ?
What is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
What is the name of the president of Garmat U.S.A ?
How do you address a Chinese person ?
What causes rust ?
What does A&W of root beer fame stand for ?
What developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of U.S. Chief Justice John Marshall ?
"Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?"
What is ethology ?
What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
Who is behind the name of the Harvey Wallbanger drink ?
What was the first minimum wage ?
What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?
Who spoke the only word in Mel Brooks 's Silent Movie ?
How long is human gestation ?
What are Maid-Rites ?
Jude Law acted in which film ?
What Tom Wolfe book is about the Mercury astronauts ?
How do I find a city if I have the area code ?
What is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in Top Cat 's neighborhood ?
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?
How do you clean badly tarnished brass ?
Who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
What are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?
What was Thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?
"What U.S. state boasts Stone Mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?"
How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?
Where did George of the Jungle live ?
What are the four railways in Monopoly ?
What letter adorns the flag of Rwanda ?
What is Win Rah ?
What is the history of the soft drink Mr. Pibb ?
What is a fear of passing high objects ?
"What is the mean income of the top 10% , top 5% , and top 1% ?"
"What country , after Canada and Mexico , is closest to the U.S. ?"
What does N est-ce pas mean ?
Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four 's Thing .
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
What is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?
What 1981 Candice Bergen-Jacqueline Bisset movie was a remake of 1943 's Old Acquaintance ?
What is a film starring Jude Law ?
What kind of creature is a coot ?
What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?
What is the definition of low island ?
What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?
How does an ion drive work ?
What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi ?
What is the salary of a U.S. Representative ?
What does SIDS stand for ?
What country was Brian Boru an 11th-century king of ?
When was the Congress of Vienna ?
What is amezaiku ?
How long is human gestation ?
Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
What causes tuberculosis ?
How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?
What 's the name of the tiger that advertises for Frosted Flakes cereal ?
What 's the middle name of movie producer Joseph E. Levine ?
"What was the first Funk 'N Lata , Brazilian group , success ?"
How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
What fuel do airplanes use ?
What is the history of yo-yos ?
What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power ?
What president also became a supreme court justice ?
What does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?
What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?
Why do men snore ?
What college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?
In which Kevin Costner movie did Sioux Indians play a role ?
How many oceans are there and name them ?
Name the tree growing company .
What is a neurosurgeon ?
Madonna hocks which soft drink ?
What is a fear of food ?
What caused the division between the Anglicans and the Vatican ?
"What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?"
What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?
What letter is to the right of K on a typewriter keyboard ?
How many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?
Who did Sara Jane Moore try to assassinate ?
What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
Which country did Hitler rule ?
What American poet wrote : `` Good fences make good neighbors '' ?
What manufacturers are there in Texas ?
What is the snowiest city in the U.S. ?
"What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma ."
What musical instrument did Sherlock Holmes play ?
What are Halloween 's colors ?
Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?
What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
What are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?
What country was Kim Philby really working for ?
On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?
What fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the San Diego Padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument ?
Who wrote the lyrics to Porgy and Bess ?
Who was Jane Goodall ?
What is the most expensive car in the world ?
How much of the earth 's surface is permanently frozen ?
What college football team did Knute Rockne build into a power ?
How many people die from snakebite poisoning in the U.S. per year ?
What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
What 's the name of the Wilkes plantation in Gone with the Wind ?
What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
How many `` eyes '' does a coconut have ?
Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?
What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?
How can I determine the radius of an ellipse ?
Who advised listeners to `` see the U.S.A. in your Chevrolet '' ?
What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play ?
Madonna advertises for what soft drink ?
How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?
Where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
How many milliseconds in a second ?
What was the name of Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
What does Salk vaccine prevent ?
Name of scholar on whose literal translations from the Chinese and Japanese Ezra Pound depended ?
Why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
What did Aaron Hass write ?
How does the Elongated Man know a mystery is afoot ?
What is the alphabet for Latin ?
What are the alveoli ?
CPR is the abbreviation for what ?
What are the top vegetable crops in the world ?
What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS ?
What is a fear of being cold ?
How does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?
How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
Where 's the GUM department store ?
"Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?"
Hazmat stands for what ?
What is La Nina ?
What were the five opening words on Ben Casey ?
What does camera-ready art mean ?
What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
How old is Stevie Wonder ?
Which Latin American country is the largest ?
What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
When was CNN 's first broadcast ?
What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
What is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
What are the Greek numerals ?
How do telephones work ?
What does an edentulous smile lack ?
How many tenths of the Earth 's surface lie under water ?
What was the name of the Protestant revolt against the supremacy of the Pope ?
How much iron is in your body ?
What Shakespearean play featured Shylock ?
Who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?
How do Ouija Boards work ?
What 's the name of Jacques Cousteau 's research ship ?
How many people live in the Falklands ?
What two countries ' coastlines border the Bay of Biscay ?
What is the name of the brilliant British economist behind its creation ?
How many people did Randy Craft murder ?
Which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?
Which drug is commonly used to treat AIDS ?
What kinds of animals are in Cambodia ?
What was the favorite sport of Tom Wolfe 's The Pump House Gang ?
What do peacocks mate with ?
How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?
What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
Who is Malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
"What overalls are named for Dungri , a suburb of Bombay ?"
What food did Marco Polo introduce into Italy from the court of Kubla Khan ?
How many Superbowls have the ers won ?
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
What is the difference between college and graduate school ?
How is thalassemia defined ?
Who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
What jockey won 17 Triple Crown races ?
"On average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?"
What kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
What strait links the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean ?
What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?
How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
How many islands make up Antigua ?
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?
What is the Immaculate Conception ?
Who followed Caesar ?
"What common plant has a button , cap , cup , gills , and ring ?"
How many people die from tuberculosis each year ?
What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
What effect does LSD have on the brain ?
What is the best-selling television soundtrack of all time ?
What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in ?
Who portrayed Maggio in the film From Here to Eternity ?
How do I start a bank ?
How much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
"Who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of Provo Canyon , Utah ?"
What is a Mexican hairless ?
"What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?"
What is Colin Powell best known for ?
How can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
Which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
Who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?
"Who was the captain of the tanker , Exxon Valdez , involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound , Alaska , 1989 ?"
Name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .
What are bear and bull markets ?
"Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?"
What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
How do I find out about jobs ?
"What TV character said ; `` One of these days , Alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?"
Which member of Charlie 's Angels sang vocals for Josie and the Pussycats ?
Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?
What are equity securities ?
What is a Guild ?
Who wrote The Collector ?
"What was the name of the Crimean meeting of Roosevelt , Churchill , and Stalin ?"
What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?
What causes asthma ?
How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
Whose first presidential order was : `` Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
Who shared a New York City apartment with Roger Maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
"What do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9-8-98 ?"
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?
A normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?
What President once told Gene Autry : `` Please give my regards to your wife Dale '' ?
Which gender has bigger thighs ?
What was called the world 's largest department store ?
The Iraqis launched their attack on Kuwait on what day ?
How many American actors were nominated for the best actor Oscar for 1983 ?
Who has won the most Super Bowls ?
What format was the major competition of VHS ?
Where was the largest concentration camp in World War II ?
What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project ?
What is the name of the Family Circus 's dog ?
Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering ?
What color are tennis balls ?
How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
What 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?
What is the weakest bone in the body ?
What woman was Time 's Man of the Year for 1952 ?
What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .
What James Michener book is subtitled Spanish Travels and Reflections ?
What is the abbreviation for micro ?
Where can I buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?
How many gallons of water go over Niagra Falls every second ?
What is D.B. Cooper known for ?
What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?
What Rocky Mountain ridge separates North America 's eastward and westward-flowing rivers ?
What happened in the Long March ?
How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
What is Smokey The Bear 's middle name ?
What 's comic strip photographer Peter Parker 's secret identity ?
Who is section manager for guidance and control systems at JPL ?
How do ants have sex ?
How can I give myself a French manicure ?
When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?
What country was Brian Boru an 11th-century king of ?
What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?
Where is Belize located ?
How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?
Who else was considered for the role of Luke Skywalker when George Lucas was casting for Star Wars ?
Who is Terrence Malick ?
How many liberty bells have there been ?
"Where is Natchitoches , Louisiana ?"
How do chickens have baby chicks ?
Who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
What is the term for a group of geese ?
What is the origin of Boxing Day ?
Where can I find the history of the Hungarian language ?
What 's the most popular form of gambling with women in Las Vegas ?
What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953 's Stalag 17 ?
Who were the Yankee 's frequent enemies ?
What is a multiplexer ?
How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?
What is the history of Buffalo chicken wings ?
What are the three secondary colors ?
Who was Buffalo Bill ?
How many meters are in a mile ?
What labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a Michigan restaurant ?
What is the capital of Congo ?
Who was Gerald Ford 's vice president ?
What is a dangling participle ?
Who sued the Dannon yougurt company for using a character named Ron Raider for promotion ?
What brand of jeans did Calvin Klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
What organization is the Security Council a part of ?
How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
What U.S. state ends with a G ?
What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
What is a tonne ?
Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
Where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?
Who is Prince Naseem Hamed ?
What actor said in A Day at the Races : `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
How do you make the color purple ?
What Asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
What is the name of the second space shuttle ?
How long did Shea and Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
What is the Bernoulli Principle ?
Ray Charles plays which instrument ?
What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
What city has a newspaper called The Plain Dealer ?
What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?
What is a stratocaster ?
Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?
Name a civil war battlefield .
What does hazmat stand for ?
"Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?"
When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?
"Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?"
What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
How many real fruit juices are there in a can of Hawaiian Punch ?
Which continent has the most roses ?
"What country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?"
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
What did The Gas House Gang play ?
What is the Islamic equivalent of the Red Cross ?
What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
What trophy is awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl ?
What do the 12 days of Christmas mean ?
What causes panic attacks ?
What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?
"What 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?"
What are Fortune 500 companies ?
How do they find an epicenter ?
What chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?
What is a fear of home surroundings ?
What is the definition of a cascade ?
What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
When is the Jimmy Buffett concert coming to the E center in Camden NJ ?
What is the name of Joan Jett 's band ?
What is the Immaculate Conception ?
Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage ?
What six words follow the line : `` From a jack to a king.. . '' ?
How do you pronounce `` Tzimisce '' ?
What is the largest snake in the world ?
What African animals are known as The Big Five ?
"What was the name of the Crimean meeting of Roosevelt , Churchill , and Stalin ?"
Where can I find the status of my tax return ?
What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas ?
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
Who plays the cop in the movie `` Kindergarten Cop '' ?
What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?
What do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
What James Michener book is subtitled Spanish Travels and Reflections ?
What bottled-up TV character was born in Baghdad ?
Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?
How much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
What is chronic constipation a symptom of ?
What kind of business is 7-Eleven ?
What 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?
Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?
What business exports the sparkling wine Spumante ?
What constitutes an adult ?
In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?
Where is Santa Lucia ?
What flag flies over Wake Island ?
How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
What political party is Sinn Fein a part of ?
What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?
How tall is kilamanjaro ?
What is a dental root canal ?
Where did Dylan Thomas die ?
How many questions are on this thing ?
Why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ?
What animal has the best hearing ?
"Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?"
"Who stopped making diary entries on May 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?"
When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
What does ribavirin consist of ?
What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?
What is the name of the gulf between Sweden and Finland ?
When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
"Who played for the Chicago Bears , Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?"
What movie told of Anna Anderson 's claim to be a Russian czar 's daughter ?
What is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?
What North American city sprouts the most parking meters ?
What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
What is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
What causes canker sores in the mouth ?
What U.S. President was the first to breed mules ?
What Leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ?
"Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?"
How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War ?
What do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?
Who was Scrooge 's dead partner in Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
Who was the last U.S. president to reinstate Selective Service registration ?
"What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?"
What was the killer whale who died at Sea World of a fungal infection named ?
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
Name the university of which Woodrow Wilson was president .
What Mary Tyler Moore Show regular came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka ?
When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?
How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?
What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?
What tennis term is said to come from the French word for egg ?
Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
What happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
What was another name for East Germany ?
Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
Where did Gulliver find a race of tiny people ?
How long is the border between Canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
What is the price for AAA 's liability auto insurance ?
Why are the rooftops in Canada green ?
In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany ?
What was Mark Johnson referring to when he said : `` I still can 't believe it- we beat the Russians ? ''
How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?
Which team won the Super Bowl in 1968 ?
How do you make dumplings ?
What are the ten safest American cities for pedestrians ?
"What do Hank Aaron , Jimmy Stewart , and Howard K. Smith have in common ?"
What title does comedian Henry Youngman claim ?
What book was F. Scott Fitzgerald working on when he died in Hollywood in 194 ?
Whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on Academy Award thank-yous ?
What is the capital of Seattle ?
What is Jane Goodall famous for ?
Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?
Who wrote : `` Poems are made by fools like me but only God can make a tree '' ?
Where was the first zoo in the U.S. ?
What was the importance of Magellan ?
What is yohimbine ?
Who wrote `` The Pit and the Pendulum '' ?
How can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?
What city was John F. Kennedy nominated for president in ?
What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock ?
What is the name of the Michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?
What is the largest city in Germany ?
Where was Poe born ?
What attracts tourists to Reims ?
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball at ?
Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?
Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
What 's the second-highest mountain in the world ?
What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?
What 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?
What is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?
Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
What animals can live the longest without food ?
What do I have to do to get good grades in school ?
How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells ?
What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
How many islands does Fiji have ?
Who is the premier of China ?
"What inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in July , 1984 ?"
Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
What 1964 film introduced the song My Kind of Town ?
Where did bocci originate ?
What were Babe Ruth 's Christian names ?
What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?
What operating system do IBM-compatible machines use ?
When was the slinky invented ?
What writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful Broadway and underworld characters ?
What does Las Vegas mean ?
Name of scholar on whose literal translations from the Chinese and Japanese Ezra Pound depended ?
What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
What is the Scotch `` for people who know the difference '' ?
"Who was named Admiral of the Ocean Seas and Viceroy and Governor General of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage ."
Who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
Why is the development of space so important ?
What New York City landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?
What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?
"What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?"
What foods contain the most protein ?
What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?
What is a hydrogen bond ?
How long do cardinal eggs incubate ?
Where do rocks come from ?
What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?
What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?
What is `` alternative '' anymore ?
How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
What do Japanese school uniforms look like ?
"How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?"
"What molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?"
Musician Ray Charles plays what instrument ?
"What Michelangelo sculpture is in Saint Peter 's Cathedral , Basilica , ?"
"Where was `` I have fallen , and I can 't get up '' said first ?"
What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
What professional cricketer 's son wrote The War of the Worlds in 1898 ?
What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?
Where is there information on the novel `` El Cid '' ?
What astronomer-architect designed the present St. Paul 's Cathedral in London ?
What was Thatcher 's first name ?
What was the first U.S.-based team in the NHL ?
How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?
What are the top boy names in the U.S. ?
What are the seven wonders of the world ?
What continent is Bolivia on ?
What city is near the mouth of the Amazon ?
In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?
What state capital comes last alphabetically ?
What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
What was the first English play written exclusively for children ?
What is a philanthropist ?
Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
What are new computer games for Windows 95 or 98 ?
What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?
What tools do you use to crewel ?
What was Joe Namath 's first contract worth ?
Where is the largest dam in the world ?
What were the cities of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
What country did King Wenceslas rule ?
What does a topophobic actor suffer from ?
How do you buy stocks ?
How many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?
How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
What does a heliologist study ?
What U.S. city 's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch ?
How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
What are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?
How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
Who wrote ` The Pines of Rome ' ?
Why are so many umbrellas black ?
What do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?
What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?
What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?
What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
What happens when a body part falls asleep ?
What is the abbreviation of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
"What indoor sport saw the Phoenix Inferno become the Phoenix Pride on July 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?"
Boxing Day is celebrated on what date ?
Who won a Pulitzer Prize for his novel The Caine Mutiny ?
What is thermal equilibrium ?
How many people are there in the world ?
Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?
What 's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ?
Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
What future Soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to Marxism ?
What foods contain vitamin B12 ?
What 's the Olympic motto ?
What is e-commerce ?
What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?
"When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?"
How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mt. Everest ?
What is the origin of infinity ?
What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?
How do windmills work ?
How was Lawrence
Where did Indian Pudding come from ?
What is an aurora ?
How many varieties of twins are there ?
How much electricity does the brain need to work ?
What 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?
What was the food of the Greek gods called ?
What was the name of Darth Vader 's son ?
Where is the Kalahari desert ?
What was the Great Britain population from 1699-172 ?
What features of the African elephant are larger than those of the Indian elephant ?
Who is the actress Bette Davis once said she wished she looked like ?
What American won the world Grand Prix driving championship in 1978 ?
Who was Ezra Taft Benson ?
What is a fear of disease ?
What does a spermologer collect ?
What is a fear of money ?
What are the stars made of ?
What kind of mammal is a colt ?
What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?
How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
What is one of the languages of the Sioux ?
"What incident of 1933 did the German Nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?"
What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
What is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?
Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
What is a pyrotechnic display ?
What Leon Uris novel dealt with the Russian capture of Berlin ?
Where were the 1936 Summer Olympics held ?
What European country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?
What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?
Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command .
What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
What are the three most populated countries in the world ?
How many quarters equal a pound ?
What are the ten safest American cities for pedestrians ?
How do you tell somebody you like them ?
What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?
What is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?
Which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
Which radio stations air the Jim Bohannon Radio Talk Show ?
What is the origin of thank you notes ?
What lake is the source of the White Nile ?
How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
Who is the leader of India ?
How many years do fossils take to form ?
Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?
How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
What product did William Horlick discover and produce ?
What are the Urals ?
What war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania ?
Rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
What is the first personal computer company ?
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
How can I get someone 's email address ?
What does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
What is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?
What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?
What city is found in the city of OZ ?
What sea separates Naples and Algiers ?
What were the ceremony traditions like during the Elizabethian times ?
What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?
Who accompanied Space Ghost on his missions ?
What is Ray Bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?
What facial feature did Walt Disney sport that none of Disney 's employees is allowed to ?
Aspartame is also called what ?
What are the 28 tenses in the English language ?
Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged .
Which of the following celebrities was not born in Philadelphia ?
When was the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin built ?
Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?
How often are quadruplets born ?
What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
What is the Kashmir issue ?
Why did Egyptians shave their eyebrows ?
What caused the Titanic to sink ?
What is a fear of fish ?
What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?
What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
What French leader sold Louisiana to the United States ?
Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?
How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
When do MORMONS believe Christ was born ?
How many people died on D-Day ?
How many members are in the California congressional delegation ?
What piece of jewelry is pictured on Monopoly 's Luxury Tax space ?
What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
"In Dana 's `` Two Years Before the Mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at San Diego ?"
What is Michael Jackson 's middle name ?
What were the achievements of Richard Nixon ?
What are the statistics for drunken drivers in Maryland ?
How many frames does a disk camera shoot ?
How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?
What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State ?
"What are some fun things to do in Cozumel , Mexico for teenagers ?"
What is a fear of jealousy ?
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?
How do you write a book report ?
What does G.M.T. stand for ?
What is the name of a language spoken by the Sioux ?
What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project ?
What color is Chablis ?
How do ants have sex ?
What were the achievements of Richard Nixon ?
Who killed Gandhi ?
Where did guinea pigs originate ?
"Who was the accused in The Trial of the Century , which opened Janurary 1 , 1935 ?"
What is a fear of cold ?
Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen 's appearance .
Who invented the fax machine ?
What state in the United States covers the largest area ?
What is Smokey The Bear 's middle name ?
What are the Greek numerals ?
How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?
What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?
What cathedral was Thomas Becket murdered in ?
What was the first Sam Spade novel ?
How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod ?
What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?
"Why do USA fax machines not work in UK , NNP ?"
What 1963 Joseph L. Mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?
How many eyes does a bat have ?
What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
Who were the only two bald U.S. Presidents ?
Where on the Internet can I get chemicals importers ?
What six words follow the line : `` From a jack to a king.. . '' ?
What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?
What are the most common elements in seawater ?
What Lewis Carroll book introduced Humpty Dumpty to the world ?
What kind of wine is Spumante ?
What is the definition of the Scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?
Who was the first American world chess champion ?
What is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
On what continent is Mozambique ?
What is cunnilingus ?
What did n't Rocky Marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
Where is the Keck telescope ?
How does an ion drive work ?
What did Jimmy Stewart invent ?
What is an isthmus ?
What are the languages spoken by the natives in Afghanistan ?
What 's the green variety of beryl called ?
Who owns the rights on a TV program ?
How many years old is Benny Carter ?
When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?
What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?
What are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of Lunt and Fontanne ?
When is a woman most fertile ?
What fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the San Diego Padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
What 's the name of Tom Sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?
What company makes impulse hardening equipment ?
What year did Apartheid start ?
What singer 's theme song was When the Moon Comes over the Mountain ?
What is Latin for incompetent ?
What state was Herbert Hoover born in ?
What is the population of Kansas ?
What took first prize in Omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
Which thrilled taste buds first - Snickers or 3 Musketeers ?
What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?
What animal has killed the most people ?
What apostle is Taylor Caldwell 's Great Lion of God ?
"What `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands '' ."
"What kind of puzzle first appeared in the U.S. in the New York World on December 21 , 1913 ?"
"What World War I battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?"
Who penned : `` Neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
How much is Clara Peller being paid by Wendy 's to say `` Where 's the beef '' ?
When did Hitler come to power in Germany ?
"When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?"
Who gave King Arthur the round table ?
What states do not have state income tax ?
Who is the mathematician that won the Noble Prize for Literature in 1950 ?
What are the major companies that are part of Dow Jones ?
What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz ?
Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?
What month 's third weekend is the Monterey Jazz Festival held on ?
How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
How many mountains have been named for Presidents in the continental USA ?
What is the best distance education university or college ?
Who was the supreme god of Germanic religion ?
What is Greek pita ?
What countries have the largest areas of forest ?
What 's the tallest building in New York City ?
What is the function of the appendix ?
What 's the international radio code word for the letter B ?
Who created Dennis the Menace ?
When was the Berlin Wall erected ?
What mountain range extends from the Gulf of St. Lawrence to Alabama ?
Why is Indiglo called Indiglo ?
What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal ?
How far can a human eye see ?
What is the temperature today ?
What are some good fractal web sites ?
Who is the mayor of Marbella ?
What is LMDS ?
What does BMW stand for ?
How can I gain access to a spy satelite ?
What is a Canada two-penny black ?
What are Arnold Palmer 's fans called ?
What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?
What do chefs call The Master Spice ?
"Why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?"
What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?
What is the organizational structure of the New Delhi Indira Gandhi airport ?
Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?
What is the habitat of the chickadee ?
Where did Wile E. Coyote always get his devices ?
Who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
How was the element calcium named ?
Who was William Henry Harrison ?
Where is Burma ?
What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?
What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink ?
What is a drought ?
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?
What is gymnophobia ?
Who is Johnny Carson ?
"Where was the Cisalpine Republic , 1797-185 , ?"
What is osteichthyes ?
What soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
How many hearts does an octopus have ?
What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle ?
Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?
Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?
What does Venus Retrograde mean ?
What are the living conditions in Cuba ?
Where does `` bovine '' come from ?
What is the correct way to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?
What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?
What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote ?
What river is Pocahontas buried along ?
Who was Santos-Dumont ?
How far out is the universe ?
Name of the powerful white trader in Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' ?
What city is found in the city of OZ ?
What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath ?
"Who sent the brief message `` I came , I saw , I conquered '' ?"
What is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?
What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
What four U.S. states have active volcanoes ?
What river is Pocahontas buried along ?
When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?
How many people have died of tuberculosis ?
"Why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?"
What city contains the district of Hell 's Kitchen ?
What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
What did Woody Allen call the Japanese gangster film he dubbed into English as a comedy ?
What is the longest-running television series ?
What is the function of RAM ?
Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?
What is the best-selling television soundtrack of all time ?
What 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?
Who was the second person ever to wear Iron Man 's armor ?
How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors ?
What African animals are known as The Big Five ?
What is California 's state bird ?
Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?
What is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?
What U.S. university boasts the largest library ?
How much electricity does the brain need to work ?
What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?
What Erica Jong novel deals with Isadora Wing 's fear ?
Where can one find Rider College ?
What does a philatelist collect ?
What robust U.S. President imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?
Where did the term fireplug come from ?
How do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?
Italy is the largest producer of what ?
How did Jayne Mansfield die ?
What famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the Venetian Lagoon from Venice ?
"Who killed more people , Hitler or Stalin ?"
Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?
What is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?
What group starred in the movie Rock Around the Clock ?
What is a nematode ?
What does ` PSI ' stand for ?
What does `` saute '' mean ?
What daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn became queen of England ?
What is the chemical composition of a Barbie ?
Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?
What does NASA stand for ?
What is `` the bear of beers '' ?
What is the size of Argentina ?
In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
What is porphyria ?
What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?
What type of currency is used in China ?
What are a baseball team 's firemen ?
What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?
What is a fear of water ?
Where is Glasgow ?
"What magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?"
What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?
"What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP ."
What year did Rossetti paint `` Beata Beatrix '' ?
What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard ?
"What `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands '' ."
Where is Amsterdam ?
"To get the most caffeine , what soda should I drink ?"
Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?
Who was Bonnie Blue Butler 's father ?
Where did the world come from ?
Where can I find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to American standard ?
What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?
Who appointed the chair of the Federal Reserve ?
What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?
How does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?
What was the first U.S.-based team in the NHL ?
What organ contains the islands of Langerhans ?
What actor learned to play the saxophone and speak Russian for a role in a movie ?
What is the principal river of Ireland ?
How can I trace my family roots ?
What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?
What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
"Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` The Simpsons '' ?"
How many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in Edgar Degas 's 1886 painting The Tub ?
Which gender has bigger thighs ?
What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?
What country has the highest arson rate ?
Who said : `` The victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
When was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?
How many chemical elements are there ?
What are the names of Jack 's original roommates on Three 's Company ?
What is the largest variety of cactus ?
Who is Langston Hughes ?
What are the names of Jacques Cousteau 's two sons ?
"Who created the comic strip , `` Garfield '' ?"
How can I find out my biorhythm ?
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?
What season begins with the vernal equinox ?
Which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?
What plants are found in an estuary ?
What English queen had six fingers on one hand ?
"What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture , `` Fourth Position Front ? ''"
What line of candy products included Super Skrunch and Peanut Butter Oompas ?
What 's the highest possible bid in Contract Bridge ?
On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?
What 's the sacred river of India ?
Which Kevin Costner movie involves the Sioux Indians ?
How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War ?
How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?
Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
What father and son won the Medal of Honor ?
What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?
"What college enlivens Hanover , New Hampshire ?"
What does a pedometer measure ?
Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?
What is a caul ?
What is the highest Roman numeral ?
What is the origin of the term `` The Brooklyn Side '' in bowling ?
How many people in America snore ?
What countries have the most auto thefts ?
Why does the sun shine only a short time in Alaska ?
What was Franklin Roosevelt 's program for economic recovery called during the Great Depression ?
What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?
What is the date of Bastille Day ?
Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 software so successful ?
Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?
"What late-night TV show features Larry , Bud , Melman and Toast on a Stick ?"
What is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
Who was the last U.S. president to reinstate Selective Service registration ?
What does the `` c '' stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
"Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?"
What is the half-life of P-32 ?
What countries have the largest areas of forest ?
How much in miles is a ten K run ?
Where is the world championship sled dog race held each February ?
What comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named Cauliflower McPugg ?
"Who was the bandleader mentor of Ella Fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` A_Tisket , A-Tasket '' ?"
What Civil War general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through Georgia on his way to the sea ?
Who was the first host of Person to Person ?
How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
Why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?
What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?
What name did football 's New York Titans adopt in 1963 ?
What did San Francisco 's Milt Harper grow that measured 24 inches from tip to tip in 1974 ?
What city is served by McCarren Airport ?
Who were the five Marx brothers ?
What Aesop 's fable has the moral : `` The race is not always to the swift. Slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
What New Hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in U.S. presidential elections ?
What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
What non-mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds ?
Who turned all he touched to gold ?
How can I get in touch with Michael Moore of `` Roger & Me '' ?
What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?
What is a virtual IP address ?
What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
Why should cigarette smoking be banned ?
Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?
Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from ?
How long ago did the Anglican church part from the Vatican ?
What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra 's Needle ?
What is a meerkat ?
What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink ?
"What is a fear of odors , body , ?"
What are the Benelux countries ?
Who 's the lead singer of the Led Zeppelin band ?
"What Frenchman claimed the following ? If God did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''"
On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?
How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
What is Boston Kreme ?
What was lost and regained by poet John Milton ?
Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?
What is Franz Kafka 's short story `` A Country Doctor '' trying to tell us ?
What building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?
How does color affect a person psychologically ?
What type of betting is used in horse racing ?
What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
What kind of fish is a coney ?
What does the name Calder mean ?
Who was Tiny Tim 's father ?
What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?
What Russian city used to be called St. Petersburg and Petrograd ?
Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?
Where is `` Global Schoolhouse '' ?
How many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?
How many blacks served in the Vietnam War
What is difference between a poster and a print ?
How do boats float ?
What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeil 's possession by the devil ?
What drink is the best thirst-quencher ?
Who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
What hair color can I use to just cover a little gray ?
How many milliseconds in a second ?
What countries does the Mont Blanc Tunnel join ?
How many Russians have landed on the moon ?
What is the best-selling book of all time ?
What kind of tree graces Lebanon 's flag ?
What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?
What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?
What does the name Billie mean ?
How many different types of skunks are there ?
What bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous City Lights Bookshop in San Francisco ?
"Who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?"
Why is hockey so violent ?
What is the best online games site ?
Where is the Orange Bowl ?
What can I do to get into an Ivy League school ?
What is the music used in the new VW Beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
What software offers inventors use of CAD-like design ?
Who plays shortstop for Charlie Brown 's baseball team ?
What species is a colt ?
What is a fear of pregnancy ?
What did the Seven Dwarfs do for a living ?
What are the 7 Wonders of the World ?
What country will hit the year 2 first ?
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?
Where is Ocho Rios ?
"What two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?"
What 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?
"What World War I battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?"
What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
Who is behind the name of the Harvey Wallbanger drink ?
What river runs through Liverpool ?
How many major Nazi leaders went on trial after the war at Nuremberg ?
How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?
What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
How do I get my LAN card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a HUB ?
What is the abbreviated form of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?
What country 's capital is Tirana ?
Who is Samuel F. Pickering ?
"How many miles is it from Frankfurt , Germany to Salzburg , Austria ?"
What is thermal equilibrium ?
What river is Windsor Castle on ?
What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
How would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
How successful is arometherapy ?
What percentage of American men are alcoholic ?
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
How far can a man travel in outer space ?
How does blood clot ?
What country 's royal house is Bourbon-Parma ?
What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?
How do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?
"On average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?"
What is Larry King 's occupation ?
What does S.O.S. stand for ?
"What is the origin of the word , magic ?"
What 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
How old is too old for a child to not be talking ?
Name a South African diamond producer ?
What is the largest lake in North America ?
How fast does the fastest car go ?
What 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?
How do you become a dentist ?
What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?
What cards are bullets ?
What court does Bob Woodward describe in The Brethren ?
What did the ancients call the four great elements ?
How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex 's teeth ?
How did Asia get its name ?
What city was John F. Kennedy nominated for president in ?
Name the country which Honecker lived in .
How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow ?
"What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?"
What are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
Where did the real St. Nicholas live ?
What is `` snoogans '' ?
What is a fear of hell ?
What is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?
Where does the U.S. get most of its energy ?
What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?
What does the name `` Sheri '' mean ?
What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near ?
What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?
"What Michelangelo sculpture is in Saint Peter 's Cathedral , Basilica , ?"
What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?
What is a fear of fur ?
How many e-commerce companies are started every day ?
How long was the longest hiccup attack ?
What 's destroyed in Genesis 19 : 24 ?
"What will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?"
Where can I find book reviews of `` Turbulent Souls '' ?
Where did Dikembe Mutombo go to college ?
How many types of cheese are there in France ?
How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria 's reign ?
What country does Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
In what year did the US Marine Corps adopt the motto `` Semper Fidelis '' ?
When did Nixon die ?
Where did Honecker rule ?
How many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?
What exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?
What is a disaccharide ?
What kind of people took part in Shays ' Rebellion in Massachusetts in 1787 ?
What does the abbreviation OAS stand for ?
What author was appointed U.S. ambassador to Spain in 1842 ?
Why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
"What was Al Capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?"
What constitutes an adult ?
What was the Vietnam War ?
What does the name Jenna mean ?
How many people does Honda employ in the U.S. ?
How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?
What color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?
What was the name of the Titanic 's captain ?
Name a medicine commonly used to combat AIDS ?
What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life ?
What character in The Beverly Hillbillies has the given names Daisy Moses ?
What six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
What does Warner Bros. call a flightless cuckoo ?
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
What are the biggest Indian airports ?
How many gallons of paint does it take to paint the Golden Gate Bridge ?
What Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
What is the definition of a witch ?
What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?
Name a product that controls the ripening of apples .
What is a fear of crystals or glass ?
What is color ?
CNN 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?
What mountain range marks the border of France and Spain ?
What is Bill Gross 's email address ?
How many years make up a lustrum ?
In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?
How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy ?
How do you say 2 in Latin ?
What was the reason for the partition of the Anglican and Vatican churches ?
How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?
When was Queen Victoria born ?
How many bones are in the human hand ?
Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?
What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
How does a rainbow form ?
How can you become an FBI agent ?
How many wings does a flea have ?
Where did the term fireplug come from ?
How can I find online spelling ?
"What is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?"
What is hebephrenia ?
What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?
Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?
What kind of nuts are used in marzipan ?
Where is the Isle of Man ?
What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?
What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
How many quarters equal a pound ?
Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
How is energy created ?
"What kind of puzzle first appeared in the U.S. in the New York World on December 21 , 1913 ?"
What tale has the moral : `` He who wants everything gets nothing '' ?
What does SIDS stand for ?
How do I impress a guy ?
What 's the name of a hotel in Indianapolis ?
Which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in Ventura County ?
Name one of the major gods of Hinduism .
What is the largest city in Connecticut ?
What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?
What were the trials called which followed World War II ?
How many events make up the decathlon ?
What is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?
What famous communist leader died in Mexico City ?
"What was the name of the television show , starring Karl Madsen , that had San Francisco in the title ?"
What 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?
Who was the first person to study the stars ?
What is a `` USB '' port on a computer ?
Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
What football coach 's story was told in the movie Run to Daylight ?
What tragedy befell the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
Who invented volleyball ?
Where does chocolate come from ?
Why are the ears your center of balance ?
How does a scientific calculator work ?
"What 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` Silence of the Lambs '' ?"
Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
What is habeas corpus ?
What did the Yalta Conference lead to ?
What is Garry Kasparov famous for ?
Who is the prime minister of Japan ?
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?
How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
What is an urban legend ?
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
"When not adventuring on Rann , what does Adam Strange call his profession ?"
What type of food makes you fat ?
What book was F. Scott Fitzgerald working on when he died in Hollywood in 194 ?
What is the history of yo-yos ?
What is `` dew point '' ?
What did Andy Hardy 's father do for a living ?
What is Spumante ?
What is a fear of reptiles ?
How is bubble wrap made ?
How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?
How do I love thee ?
What kind of nuts are used in marzipan ?
What lake is Sheboygan on ?
How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?
Which Latin American country is the largest ?
Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?
What 's the traditional drink at the Kentucky Derby ?
What causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?
What is the origin of thank you notes ?
Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
"What explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?"
What are the most common elements in seawater ?
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?
How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
Which NBA players had jersey number 0 ?
Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?
What does `` Semper Fidelis '' mean ?
How many bottles of wine were prisoners in the Bastille allowed per day ?
How many American soldiers have died for their country to date ?
How do you get dates with the `` Hooters '' girls ?
"What country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?"
What 's the sacred river of India ?
Who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of Florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
How far is it from Phoenix to Blythe ?
What is IOC an abbreviation of ?
What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?
Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?
Who was Israel 's first prime minister ?
What does BTU mean ?
What are super balls made of ?
How many years do fossils take to form ?
"What card game has variations called Canfield , Klondike and Spider ?"
What is being done about the millennium bug ?
What is `` dew point '' ?
Who invented the paper clip ?
What is Michael Jackson 's father 's name ?
What does Final Four refer to in the sports world ?
What color are the castellated walls of the Kremlin ?
How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?
How does the Elongated Man know a mystery is afoot ?
What are the seven wonders of the world ?
What after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the George Jung noodle factory in Los Angeles ?
What is the second hardest substance ?
What year were the Olympic Games played in where Nadia Comaneci became popular ?
How does a copier work ?
Who was the lyricist and who was the composer between Gilbert and Sullivan ?
How long does a human live ?
What kind of species is the monster in the film `` Jaws '' ?
What is the best brand for a laptop computer ?
Name one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .
What was the name of the Confederate mounted guerrilla group with which Jesse James and Coleman Younger had ridden ?
When did Theo Rousseau paint the `` Forest of Fontaine '' ?
What country is the largest diamond producer ?
"What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?"
What 's the most common surname in America ?
What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?
What U.S. President showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
Who owns the St. Louis Rams ?
Which city in Canada is the least-populated ?
What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?
How does General Mills manufacture Cheerios ?
Which of these are authors ?
What city does McCarren Airport serve ?
What airport is on the Piccadilly subway line ?
What is the capital of Burkina Faso ?
What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
Who is Rocky 's and Bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
What Civil War general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through Georgia on his way to the sea ?
"What part of Britain comprises the Highlands , Central Lowlands , and Southern Uplands ?"
What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?
What state capital comes last alphabetically ?
Why can 't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?
Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?
What was the Chivington Massacre ?
What is the origin of the proverb `` A stitch in time saves nine '' ?
What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?
What does BTU mean ?
Who was Jinnah ?
Who played Al Jolson in the Jolson Story ?
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
Who was Damocles ?
What war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania ?
What was the first minimum wage ?
Name the university of which Woodrow Wilson was president .
What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?
What robust U.S. President imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?
What is a female rabbit called ?
What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?
Which is the best opening move in chess ?
What gender is not allowed to vote in Kuwait ?
In which Kevin Costner movie did Sioux Indians play a role ?
What is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
What animals do you find in the stock market ?
What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
"What does R.E.M. stand for , as in the rock group R.E.M. ?"
How much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost ?
What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
Who created Big Ben ?
How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board ?
What square is the geographical center of London ?
What is glass made of ?
What U.S. state is Mammoth Cave National Park in ?
"What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?"
What is a fear of parasites ?
Where did Dylan Thomas die ?
Where does your hair grow the fastest ?
"In Sinclair Lewis ' `` Main Street , '' what was the name of the typical American town ?"
How many horses died during the civil war ?
What does the dot on the letter i mean ?
Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?
Who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
"On which dates does the running of the bulls occur in Pamplona , Spain ?"
What animals can live the longest without food ?
When was Florida admitted into the Union ?
What is the term for a group of geese ?
What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996 ?
What ocean liner burned and sank in Hong Kong harbor ?
What is a fear of food ?
What was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
What 's the population of Mississippi ?
What are the top 10 colleges in the United States in the field of engineering ?
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
What age followed the Bronze Age ?
How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
What is the highest mountain in the world ?
What is home banking ?
Who was the oldest U.S. president ?
Who earns their money the hard way ?
"The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?"
"What cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?"
Name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
How old is singer Freedy Johnston ?
"What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?"
When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
What city did the Flintstones live in ?
"What does Ms. , Miss , and Mrs. stand for ?"
What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
"How many miles is it from London , England to Plymouth , England ?"
What 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
"When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?"
How do telephones work ?
What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
Which drug is commonly used to treat AIDS ?
Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?
The operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines is called what ?
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?
Where did guinea pigs originate ?
"Whose husbands have included Conrad Hilton Jr. , and Michael Wilding ?"
What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
What 's the second-largest island in the world ?
What U.S. state does the Continental Divide leave to enter Canada ?
Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?
What Argentine boxer was shot dead outside a Nevada brothel in May ?
What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?
What did a 16th-century Aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
What happened to Moon Maiden ?
What is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?
Who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
What New England state covers 5.9 square miles ?
Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .
"What cigarette company urged us , `` Come to where the flavor is ? ''"
Who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
What state has the most Indians ?
What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?
Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?
What actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading Scotland Forever ?
Why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
What type of exercise burns the most calories ?
How many years did Shea & Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
What is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the English language ?
What is the highest peak in Africa ?
How many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?
What does the number 33 on the Rolling Rock beer bottle mean ?
Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near ?
What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?
How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have ?
What sport is known for hooligans ?
Who is Edmund Kemper ?
What does Salk vaccine prevent ?
What is the history of the hairdryer ?
What Mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?
What is the name of David Letterman 's dog ?
How do you pronounce `` Tzimisce '' ?
Describe the Long March .
"What is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?"
What does seccession mean ?
What is the treatment for depression ?
What is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
What attorneys work for The Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise ?
Who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
Where are the busiest Amtrak rail stations in the U.S. ?
What terror of the sea did Johnny Horton sing about ?
Who is the son-in-law of Sen. Everett Dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
What is the celtic symbol for `` life '' ?
What daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the USA '' ?
When was the internal combustion engine developed ?
Name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
What is the difference between hair and fur ?
What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?
What kind of meat is Fray Bentos synonymous with ?
What is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?
How do you clean an LCD monitor screen ?
What business exports the sparkling wine Spumante ?
How many characters are in the Chinese alphabet ?
What does BUD stand for ?
What is the Pennsylvania state income tax rate ?
What organization is the Security Council a part of ?
What function does a community 's water tower serve ?
What is SVHS ?
What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?
What detective lives on Punchbowl Hill and has 11 children ?
What is the name of the Jewish alphabet ?
What was her real name ?
Who is William Wordsworth ?
Name a French fascist party .
When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO ?
What percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests ?
What is November 's birthstone ?
"How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?"
What is a fear of color ?
What is a fear of weakness ?
How do you make a million bucks ?
"What beer tells us , `` Grab all the gusto you can get . '' ?"
What is a fear of points ?
Who invented Make-up ?
"What camera company said , `` If you haven 't got the time , we 've got the camera ? ''"
What is the abbreviation of General Motors ?
What does the name Shawn mean ?
What is the origin of the rock band Led Zeppelin 's name ?
Hazmat stands for what ?
What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?
"When not adventuring on Rann , what does Adam Strange call his profession ?"
What does the name Calder mean ?
What do peacocks mate with ?
Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?
What was known as the Spice Island ?
What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?
Which Kevin Costner movie involves the Sioux Indians ?
What Hall of Fame pitcher started three World Series Games for the New York Yankees in 1962 ?
What are the languages spoken by the natives in Afghanistan ?
"When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?"
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?
What is endometriosis ?
What actress 's autobiography is titled Shelley : Also Known as Shirley ?
What is the medical condition of hypertension ?
What is a rhomboideus minor ?
What is the name of the company that manufactures the `` American Girl '' doll collection ?
Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?
What animal occurs in Spielberg 's `` Jaws '' ?
How many varieties of twins are there ?
How many teats does a female goat sport ?
What is the definition of cecum ?
What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?
What is a gas release event ?
How do I register a trade name in North Carolina ?
What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world ?
Who invented the fax machine ?
What 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?
What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2 ?
What country are you visiting if you land at President Duvalier Airport ?
What is a green bog ?
How can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
What is the protection rate of using condoms ?
What is the name of the song that Dracula plays on the organ ?
What is tumbled marble ?
What is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
What is the name of the largest water conservancy project in China ?
What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?
How much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
Who earns their money the hard way ?
Who wrote The Godfather ?
Why do magnets attract ?
What is a hormone ?
How long does the average domesticated ferret live ?
What document did President Andrew Johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
When did Nostradamus believe World War III would begin ?
How many acres in a mile ?
What is the average weight for a man ?
What is June 's birthstone ?
What war did the Potsdam Conference follow ?
What is the difference between a median and a mean ?
How is cologne made ?
What French leader sold Louisiana to the United States ?
Which mayonnaise refers to itself as `` real '' mayonnaise ?
Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?
How many trees go into paper making in a year ?
Who was Garrett Morgan married to ?
What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?
What film dramatized the Scopes monkey trial ?
What are the historical trials following World War II called ?
What 's the common name for a Japanese dwarf tree ?
What 's another name for aspartame ?
Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
Garry Kasparov plays what game ?
Where is the world 's most active volcano located ?
How many layers does a bottle of Yoo-Hoo settle into ?
What did a 16th-century Aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
What are the 10 largest cities in the US ?
Where can I get mailing lists ?
For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?
What is AFS ?
How many wives did Brigham Young have ?
What was the V-8 Juice slogan : `` the tastebud '' ?
What Tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
What is `` the soft drink for adults '' ?
How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
What country 's royal house is Bourbon-Parma ?
How do you say 2 in Latin ?
What province is Edmonton located in ?
How many member states are in the UN ?
Who is King in Alley Oop 's home of Moo ?
What are the Nordic nations ?
How do they produce vitamins ?
Where can I get U.S. economic statistics ?
"Where can I find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along North America and the Caribbean ?"
Who is the prime minister in Norway ?
What is the population of Mexico ?
Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died ?
What disease did August von Wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?
What is Mark McGwire 's e-mail address ?
Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four 's Thing .
What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?
What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh ?
How was Teddy Roosevelt related to FDR ?
What mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?
What Dynasty star made her 2th Century-Fox debut in The Virgin Queen ?
Who 's the only U.S. president to have won a Pulitzer Prize ?
"Whose husbands have included Conrad Hilton Jr. , and Michael Wilding ?"
"What is the history of Spartacus , the Roman slave and gladiator ?"
What is the theory of equivalence states ?
What is the location of McCarren Airport ?
What 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?
Who was the inventor of the stove ?
What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris ?
How many counties are in Indiana ?
How do you address a Chinese person ?
Who is Stein Eriksen ?
What makes popcorn pop ?
What do manatees eat ?
What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
What is a dental root canal ?
What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?
"What U.S. general died December 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?"
What country is Kosovo a part of ?
"What new middle school was built in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania last year ?"
The Kentucky Horse Park is close to which American city ?
Who wrote The Secret Life of Walter Mitty ?
What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?
How can I look up someone 's E-mail address on the Internet ?
What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?
What do you call a book of quotes ?
How much did Lucy Van Pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?
What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
Who is the nebbish that is Marvel 's official mascot ?
What does the name Billie mean ?
What country borders the most others ?
How many Americans have HIV ?
What terror of the sea did Johnny Horton sing about ?
How many continents are there ?
How many colonies did Germany get to keep after World War I ?
What sport is known for hooligans ?
Who made Stonehenge ?
What animal has the best hearing ?
How much does one ton of cement cost ?
How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
How many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
Who lives at 39 Stone Canyon Way ?
What 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?
What English explorer discovered and named Virginia ?
Where was George Washington born ?
Where 's the Petrified Forest ?
"What was the real name of writer Ross Macdonald , creator of the hero Lew Archer ?"
What one of the Backstreet Boys are single ?
What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?
By how much will the California state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
What commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping North American cars off the roads during World War II ?
What Hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the U.S. embassy 1956-1971 ?
Where is Melbourne ?
What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?
What was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the Pole ?
What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
Who was the first American in space ?
What did the ancients call the four great elements ?
Who was Thucydides ?
"What desert country borders Saudi Arabia , Iraq and the Persian Gulf ?"
Who 's won the most Oscars for costume design ?
What eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?
Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?
Why is Rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?
Who wrote the poem that starts `` I love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?
What countries does the Mont Blanc Tunnel join ?
What was Mao 's second name ?
What is the number of American soldiers deployed to South Korea ?
What TV show chronicled the lives of Katy Holstrum and Congressman Glen Morley ?
What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?
How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
What did the forward-thinking Simon Brothers Bakery of Chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?
Who directed `` Jaws '' ?
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?
Who wrote : `` Poems are made by fools like me but only God can make a tree '' ?
Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command .
How many wives did Brigham Young have ?
What is a fear of black people ?
Why is the mile 528 feet ?
What pillar of the Dutch Renaissance painted Aristotle Contemplating the Bust of Homer ?
What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
Who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the San Diego county ?
What kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the NFL ?
What sport was the first televised in the U.S. ?
Where is the location of the Orange Bowl ?
What incident caused the canning of a summit conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev ?
"What dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?"
What city did the Mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?
Where is Basque country located ?
What determines the value of the pearl ?
Name a Sioux language .
Who was Gerald Ford 's vice president ?
What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?
How do you say `` Grandma '' in Irish ?
"What Boris Pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?"
What is the temperature for cooking ?
What 's the last line of Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
What is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
What volcano showers ash on Sicily ?
What motto ended Merrie Melodies cartoons ?
"What is the population of Arcadia , Florida ?"
Who shared a New York City apartment with Roger Maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
What two baseball players make up the battery ?
How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?
What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?
Why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
What kind of meat is Fray Bentos synonymous with ?
Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .
How long does a fly live ?
Kosovo is a province of what country ?
How come a doughnut has a hole in it ?
"What is the current population for these countries : France , Spain , Italy , Greece , Austria , Germany , Switzerland , the Netherlands ?"
Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?
What 's the Red Planet ?
How did Bob Marley die ?
When did Mount St. Helen last have a major eruption ?
What is the full name of the PLO ?
"What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?"
How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?
What 's the most popular contact lens color ?
"What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?"
What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?
Winnie the Pooh is what kind of animal ?
When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?
In what part of Africa is Mozambique located ?
What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?
What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?
When did the Dow first reach ?
Who succeeded Nikita Khrushchev as first secretary of the Communist Party ?
What is the organizational structure of the New Delhi Indira Gandhi airport ?
Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?
What is the most radioactive food ?
Who was with Patricia Hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?
What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?
Who appointed the chair of the Federal Reserve ?
What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?
When did the neanderthal man live ?
When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO ?
What kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?
What was the role of the Medieval Guild ?
How old is Bernadette Peters ?
What book did Aaron Hass write ?
Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''
What do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?
What actor came to dinner in Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ?
"What European country boasts the city of Furth , found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge ?"
Who is the nebbish that is Marvel 's official mascot ?
What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
How can you be happy ?
Where do the Grimace and Mayor McCheese live ?
Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
What are the benefits of home school ?
Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
What natural attractions draw the most visitors in the United States ?
Why is the grass green ?
What is the nursery rhyme Rock-a-by Baby about ?
What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
When was the Big Thompson flood ?
The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?
"Why was Washington , DC originally called District of Columbia ?"
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
Whom did Friz Freleng add to the Warner Bros. cartoon ranks ?
Who was the prophet of the Jewish people ?
What is a virtual IP address ?
What building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?
Where did the Mayan Indians live ?
"Who wrote the book , `` Huckleberry Finn '' ?"
"What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?"
What North American city boasts the biggest Polish population ?
How many calories are in a tomato ?
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
How fast does the fastest car go ?
What year was the ATM first introduced ?
What is cosmology ?
How many people are there in the world ?
When was the internal combustion engine developed ?
What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?
What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?
How many bones are there in the human hand ?
What is one of the cities that the University of Minnesota is located in ?
What university football team did O.J. Simpson take to the Rose Bowl ?
What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
How many people own pets ?
Who led the Normans to victory in the Battle of Hastings ?
Who gave Abbie Hoffman his first dose of LSD ?
What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?
What are the Valdez Principles ?
What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
Who accompanied Space Ghost on his missions ?
How does psorisis disappear ?
What is spaceball played on ?
What mustachioed comedian portrayed Frankie in North to Alaska ?
How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
"Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?"
How many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
What do Mormons believe ?
How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?
How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?
What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?
Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near ?
Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?
What 2th-century fictional character attends Pencey Prep School ?
What do the names Andrew and Christina mean ?
Who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
What kind of fruit is a Yellow Transparent ?
What is kept in Fort Knox that is so valuable ?
What animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?
In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?
How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?
"What mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was Greece , and the grandeur that was Rome '' ?"
What actor first portrayed James Bond ?
What two countries in South America are landlocked ?
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?
Why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?
How does a scientific calculator work ?
How many countries are there ?
Madonna hocks which soft drink ?
What are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?
"What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor , causing the Spanish-American war ?"
Where can I get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
What was Simple Simon fishing for in his mother 's pail ?
What does a red flag mean in auto racing ?
What ocean does Mauritania border ?
Where can I find information on George Bush ?
When was Yemen reunified ?
What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?
"In AD 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?"
Who invented batteries ?
How does a chick breathe inside an egg ?
Who created Big Ben ?
What is the richest state in the U.S. ?
When was the Triangle Shirtwaist fire ?
How long was the OJ Simpson trial ?
What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of ?
What singer 's theme song was When the Moon Comes over the Mountain ?
What is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?
"In South Korea , how many American Soldiers are there ?"
What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` Oil '' ?
What did brontosauruses eat ?
What is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?
Who 's The King of Swing ?
How many people did Randy Steven Craft murder ?
Who was with Patricia Hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
Where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?
What 's a Craps player called ?
Who is the leader of India ?
What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?
What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?
How many chairs are shown in Vincent Van Gogh 's 188 work The Artist 's Room in Arles ?
What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?
Who is the father of the computer ?
What 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'The Simpsons ' ?
What bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous City Lights Bookshop in San Francisco ?
Who was Quetzalcoatl ?
What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?
What Australian city became the home of the America 's Cup ?
What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?
Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962 ?
What ill-fated American general dragged a bull terrier named Willie through World War II ?
What makes a clitoris sensitive ?
Who is the owner of CNN ?
What store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?
How often are quadruplets born ?
Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?
How much does a poodle weigh ?
How do you ask questions ?
How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
What city is served by Logan International Airport ?
How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
How long is Camptown Racetrack ?
What 's a `` coup de poing '' to a French boxer ?
What age is Benny Carter ?
What sport is played on the largest field ?
What is the executor in a will ?
What British TV series inspired All in the Family ?
What state was named the Green Mountain state ?
What meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first TV dinner ?
"What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?"
What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?
How close a cousin was Franklin D. to Theodore Roosevelt ?
What 's the Hungarian word for pepper ?
What American sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during World War II and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two Oscars ?
What percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?
What are tannins ?
What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?
How many films are made by the major studios in a year ?
What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?
What cooking oil has `` corn goodness '' ?
"When did Lucelly Garcia , a former ambassador of Columbia to Honduras , die ?"
How does blood clot ?
What National League baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
Name the first private citizen to fly in space .
What are the different types of plastic ?
How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?
What is the federal minimum wage ?
How many member states are in the UN ?
What comic strip sometimes features a mailman named Beasley ?
"What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America ?"
What organization did Mr. Waverly assign agents for ?
When was the San Francisco fire ?
What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
Who is the Pope ?
What are different products of petroleum ?
What was Al Capone 's nickname ?
Who won the rugby world cup in ?
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?
What store does Martha Stewart advertise for ?
What device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?
What is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?
What is recruitment interview technique ?
What new games are available for Nintendo 64 ?
What son of a 15-year-old Mexican girl and a half-Irish father became the world 's most famous Greek ?
Where is the Statistical Abstract of the United States online ?
What actor was the first man to appear on the cover of McCall 's ?
When did Nixon visit China ?
What company was the original sponsor of TV 's Superman ?
What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
What European city do Nicois live in ?
What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia ?
Where can I get mailing lists ?
What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?
What is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia ?
When is Boxing Day ?
How many years make up a lustrum ?
What season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?
How long has L.L. Cool J. been married ?
What is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?
What geological time do we live in ?
What do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?
Where is Belize located ?
How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
How do I contact answers.com ?
What do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?
What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as ?
Who was the author of the novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?
How do companies cut paper so thin ?
Which radio stations air the Jim Bohannon Radio Talk Show ?
What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?
What 's the No. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
Silly putty was invented by whom ?
What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
What were the causes of the Civil War ?
"Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` The Simpsons '' ?"
What do the names Andrew and Christina mean ?
"Who was the captain of the tanker , Exxon Valdez , involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound , Alaska , 1989 ?"
What buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?
Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland ?
"What Stephen Sondheim ballad ends : `` Well , maybe next year.. . '' ?"
What is the origin of the word trigonometry ?
Who was the first woman in space ?
What is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?
What happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
What engineer invented the pull-tab can ?
How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
Why do magnets attract ?
How many neurons are in the human brain ?
What writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?
What is a fear of shadows ?
What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
What sport do you shag flies in ?
What was the nickname of German flying ace Manfred von Richthofen ?
Who is Prince Naseem Hamed ?
What is osmosis ?
What is a `` False Moon '' ?
What cheery fellow got the ZIP code 9971 from the U.S. Postal Service in 1963 ?
What is hebephrenia ?
"What does caliente mean , in English ?"
What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
What 's the highest possible bid in Contract Bridge ?
What kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast ?
How hot should the oven be when baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
What was football star Elroy Hirsch 's nickname ?
What is dew point ?
How many different types of skunks are there ?
Who is the prophet that is most connected to the Dead Sea ?
"What is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?"
Where is Amsterdam ?
What English queen had seventeen children ?
Who patented the first phonograph ?
What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?
Where do you find the answers for all these questions ?
Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak ?
What is goldenseal ?
Who invented batteries ?
How do you do a bibliography page ?
"What sound does Olympia , Washington , overlook ?"
How did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?
Approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
What does Lloyd 's Lutine Bell announce ?
How far is it from Phoenix to Blythe ?
What gate opened on East and West Berlin ?
What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?
What does Larry King do for a living ?
Who was the 16th President of the United States ?
What is Nitrox diving ?
"What are Kythnos , Siphnos , Seriphos and Mykonos ?"
What country is the origin of the band the Creeps ?
What is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
What is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
What did Englishman John Hawkins begin selling to New World colonists in 1562 ?
What is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?
Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
What 's the home of the Rockettes ?
How do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?
Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
Who is Count Cinzano ?
Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
Who is Terrence Malick ?
What does snafu stand for ?
What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?
What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?
What song did Patti Page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
What Tom Wolfe book is about the Mercury astronauts ?
When will the millennium officially begin ?
How did Socrates die ?
What can one see in Reims ?
What is a leper ?
Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985 ?
Who was the original Humpty Dumpty ?
What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen ?
Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?
What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?
What is the main ingredient of yogurt ?
How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?
What is the origin of the city `` Corpus Christi '' ?
What does Lloyd 's Lutine Bell announce ?
What is SAP ?
"Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?"
What does a heliologist study ?
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park ?
What is typhoid fever ?
How do you recognize anorexia ?
Who was Darius ?
What president 's ghost is said to haunt the White House ?
What are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
What U.S. state 's biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn ?
"What card game derived its name from biritch , or Russian Whist ?"
What is the predominant color of the Tab label ?
What state does Charles Robb represent ?
What was the `` Dead Man 's Hand '' ?
Who invented the process to make condensed milk ?
What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?
What country 's northernmost city is Darwin ?
How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year ?
What 's the U.S. Navy hymn ?
How many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?
What 's the name of Jacques Cousteau 's research ship ?
Who won the Superbowl in ?
What were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
What are the various ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level ?
Who played Sally Rogers on The Dick Van Dyke Show ?
When was the first flush toilet invented ?
What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?
"What 's the better-known identity of John Merrick , the noble ogre of Victorian England ?"
Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?
What country other than Germany invaded Poland in September 1939 ?
What are all the different types of pizza ?
What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?
What is the longest English word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?
What date is Richard Nixon 's birthday ?
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
What game is Garry Kasparov really good at ?
What William Makepeace Thackeray novel was made into a film by Stanley Kubrick ?
What four forms does gold occur in ?
What did the crocodile swallow in Peter Pan ?
Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?
How do I impress a guy ?
What species was Winnie the Pooh ?
Who created Dennis the Menace ?
What does the name ` Alexandra ' mean ?
"What poet wrote : `` ... I have promises to keep , and miles to go before I sleep '' ?"
What are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
What line of luggage is named after a famous American flier ?
What animals did The Amazing Three masquerade as ?
What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
Where is the Danube ?
How much iron is in your body ?
Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?
How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun ?
What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV 's Days of Our Lives ?
Who said : `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
How many verses are in the Bible ?
What European city do Nicois live in ?
What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?
What countries have the highest ratio of university students ?
What bordering country is due north of Costa Rica ?
What novel has Big Brother watching ?
Where is Tornado Alley ?
What were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
Which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?
What is Boston Kreme ?
How long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood ?
What beer is ` rockin ' America ? ''
How many astronauts have been on the moon ?
The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city ?
"What does caliente mean , in English ?"
"Who wrote the book , `` The Grinch Who Stole Christmas '' ?"
How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?
Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life ?
What Ernest Hemingway novel had the working title Fiesta ?
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo attend ?
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
"What TV series featured Neal , a martini-drinking St. Bernard ?"
What county is Chicago in ?
What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
What ocean surrounds the Maldive Islands ?
Name a tiger that is extinct .
The Jewish alphabet is called what ?
What do you call a book of quotes ?
What is the second hardest substance ?
What was Michelangelo 's last name ?
What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
What type of betting is used in horse racing ?
What is Maurizio Pellegrin 's age ?
What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' ?
What is Compaq 's mission statement ?
"What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?"
How many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?
What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
Where are the headquarters of Eli Lilly ?
What is a fear of strong light ?
What is the chemiosmotic theory ?
Who invented the game Scrabble ?
What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?
What are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in California ?
Who painted Mother and Child ?
How can I get someone 's phone number if I only have their screen name ?
What book does Holden Caulfield appear in ?
Who declared : `` I think I 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?
"At Christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?"
What Homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the Trojan Wars ?
When was Queen Victoria born ?
What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?
How many emperors were there in the Roman Empire ?
What are perfect tenses ?
What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span ?
What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
When did the supercontinent Pangaea break up ?
Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
What is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?
Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?
What presidential press secretary dismissed Watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
What is a fear of color ?
What is a courier ?
What is the best way to overcome a fear ?
What is DEET ?
Who is Robin Williams ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
What 's the symbol for the zodiacal sign Gemini ?
How do you get dates with the `` Hooters '' girls ?
When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
Why are lions called `` King of the Jungle '' ?
What man-made waterways is 1.76 miles long ?
What is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?
Why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?
What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?
Who built the first pyramid ?
When did the Chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
Who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
Who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
Where can I find examples of legal cases about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ?
What is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
Where can I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song Everyday for the midi ?
How old is Benny Carter ?
How fast do cheetahs run ?
What year did Charles Dicken die ?
What nationality is a Sicilian ?
What do West Indian steel bands use as instruments ?
How many maids were milking ?
What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?
What South American capital is the world 's highest ?
What is the Amish religion ?
Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?
What is sound ?
What French designer declared : `` The jean is the destructor ! It is a dictator ! It is destroying creativity. The jean must be stopped ! '' ?
What makes a clitoris sensitive ?
What is the trademark of a Washington Redskin 's fan ?
What are the top ten all-time money making NFL teams ?
What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
How do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
What was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the Eagles in Super Bowl XV ?
"What Scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?"
"Why was Henry Ford 's first automobile calleda Model T & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a Model A ?"
What did the Chinese emperor present to the English soldier Gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?
"How does Cos Cob , CT get its name ?"
What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
What three colors of ink are used to print a U.S. dollar bill ?
How old is Britney Spears ?
What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?
Who was Ben Casey 's boss ?
What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
What series of trials followed World War II ?
When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
What 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?
What California governor said : `` Inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?
Where is Inoco based ?
How did Peabody and Sherman travel through time ?
What did Warlock wear on his forehead in Marvel comics ?
"What did 8 , CD NNS VBP TO VB NNP POS NN ."
What 's the motto of the Boy Scouts ?
What three colors are on the French flag ?
How do you measure the heat of the sun ?
How many states have a lottery ?
What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?
What is the difference between a median and a mean ?
What do Englishmen weigh themselves in ?
What sport do the Cleaveland Cavaliers play ?
Where is the Rose Bowl played ?
The second most popular sport worldwide is what ?
What percentage of the body is muscle ?
Who was the most famous food editor of The New York Times ?
What is glass made of ?
What is `` the washed vodka '' ?
How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently ?
"What late-night TV show features Larry , Bud , Melman and Toast on a Stick ?"
What does NECROSIS mean ?
What is the Hub of London ?
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
Name a film in which Jude Law acted .
What enigmatic U.S. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the West ?
What is digitalis ?
What comedian hit the TV screen in 1951 with the NBC afternoon show Time for Ernie ?
What do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
Where 's the Bernini-Bristol Hotel ?
Who was the 3rd president of the United States ?
Where is the human skin least sensitive ?
What 's the international radio code word for the letter F ?
"What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia , Arcadia , and Amazonis ?"
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?
What is the distinction of Erle Stanley Gardner 's The Case of the Terrified Typist ?
What is a fear of insanity ?
What desert has the highest sand dunes ?
What does EKG stand for ?
What country boasts Ismail 's Palace and the Palace of King Farouk ?
"Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?"
Who became president of the U.S. in 1789 ?
What is New England 's highest mountain ?
Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?
What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?
"What actor , who had greatest fame on TV , became the father of triplets ?"
How do you make a paintball ?
Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?
How do I tie a tie ?
How do you recognize anorexia ?
How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge ?
What is a fear of sleep ?
When is the Thai New Year ?
President Bush compared Saddam Hussein to whom ?
What mountain range marks the border of France and Spain ?
What 's the capital of Taiwan ?
What country contains the highest point in South America ?
What state is known as the Hawkeye State ?
How many dollars a day did Arthur Frommer say you could get by on in Europe in 1968 ?
How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
Who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with The Girl of the Sea of Cortez ?
Who were leaders of the Byzantine empire ?
What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?
What color is the lipstick on Boy George 's wax lips at London 's Madame Tussaud 's ?
Where is Inoco based ?
"Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?"
What was the name of the director of the movie `` Jaws '' ?
What U.S. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?
Who was Jane Goodall ?
Where is the Henry Ford Museum ?
What was the name of Randy Craft 's lawyer ?
What is a Guild ?
What high school does Archie attend ?
What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
What 's the meaning of UOL ?
What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?
Who is Mia Farrow 's mother ?
Who made the first surfboard ?
What was the tallest building in America in 1922 ?
What country was General Douglas McArthur in when he was recalled by President Truman ?
What South African producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?
"What was Suzy Parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?"
Who was Quetzalcoatl ?
How many airline schools are there in the U.S. ?
Who asked the musical question : `` Have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
What Mediterranean island is home to the first Club Med ?
What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
What 's the International Lawn Tennis Challenge Trophy usually called ?
What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?
What is the Socratic method ?
What is the best online games site ?
Names of books by James A. Michener set in the following locations ?
Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?
"What woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?"
Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
What time does Wee Willie Winkie run through the town ?
What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
What Kentucky city calls itself The Horse Center of America ?
"How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it ?"
What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?
"How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-TREE ?"
What Broadway show introduced the song Some Enchanted Evening ?
Who is the richest person in the world ?
What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
What is the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin about ?
What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?
What do most tourists visit in Reims ?
Who were the Yankee 's frequent enemies ?
What does RCA stand for ?
Who invented the Wonderbra ?
"Where can one find information on religion and health , the brain and nutrition ?"
What two US biochemists won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 1992 ?
In what year did the US Marine Corps adopt the motto `` Semper Fidelis '' ?
What 's the name of the tiger that advertises for Frosted Flakes cereal ?
Who wrote Unsafe at Any Speed ?
What Mary Tyler Moore Show regular came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka ?
What buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?
"Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?"
What is the medical condition of hypertension ?
"What John Steinbeck novel portrays the Joad family , driven from the Oklahoma dustbowl ?"
What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?
Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?
Who won the 1968 California Democratic primary ?
Whose singing voice was dubbed in for Natalie Wood in West Side Story and Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady ?
What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris ?
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
What letter appears on the cold-water tap in Spain ?
What do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?
How fast must a spacecraft travel to escape Earth 's gravity ?
What is a 2-sided object called ?
"What is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?"
What causes someone to be ticklish ?
What 1953 film won Frank Sinatra a best supporting actor Oscar ?
Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?
What city was President William McKinley shot in ?
"What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?"
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
"Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?"
What was the name of Aristotle Onassis 's yacht ?
How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?
What is the difference between optical and digital video ?
What month of the year is there no television in Iceland ?
What is paracetamol ?
How many years did Sleeping Beauty sleep ?
Where can I buy a pony on the Big Island for my daughter ?
"What color , s , appear on boxes of Kodak film ?"
Name 11 famous martyrs .
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?
What is the predominant color of the Tab label ?
How long does a dog sleep ?
What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
What is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?
What cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` You 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?
What 's the first day of the week ?
How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
Who was the actor who played Sam in the movie Casablanca ?
What are the components of polyester ?
What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?
What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?
What year did Hitler die ?
What common ailment can 't you catch at the North Pole ?
Where does Ray Bradbury 's Chronicles take place ?
"What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?"
What is the nature of learning ?
What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
"Whose special bear 's creator was born on January 18 , 1779 ?"
What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?
Who was Red Grange ?
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
What book is subtitled The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life ?
How many fiddlers did Old King Cole have ?
"What do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on Dr. Pepper bottles ?"
What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?
Who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
Who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?
What class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?
"What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?"
What are the numbers that fit into Fermont 's last theorem ?
What animal has killed the most people ?
Why is hockey so violent ?
How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` Around the World '' ?
What is Australia Day ?
"What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?"
What card game can feature dealer 's choice ?
Where is Romania located ?
What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
What century 's the setting for TV 's The Adventures of Robin Hood ?
What city was Bobby Kennedy assassinated in ?
What is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to Ireland instead of to Los Angeles ?
What does the `` c '' stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?
How much money did the Marcos steal from their country ?
What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
What is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?
"What TV series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at Silver Springs , Florida ?"
What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
Why does a candle need a wick ?
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?
"How much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US ? , DT CD NN NN ,"
What is a fear of lice ?
What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?
What was Franklin Roosevelt 's program for economic recovery called during the Great Depression ?
Who reports the weather on the `` Good Morning America '' television show ?
What feminist wrote Sexual Politics and Flying ?
Where are the Austerlitz and Victor Hugo subway stops ?
What is an ecological niche ?
What does ` PSI ' stand for ?
What did Esquire name Ash Hole of the Year for 1980 ?
When was the NFL established ?
What do Italians call Florence ?
How do companies cut paper so thin ?
How is cologne made ?
What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared ?
What percentage of all world tornados touch down in the US ?
What is the weather like on the moon ?
"What English physician was born on January 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?"
How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
How many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
"What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?"
What is the oldest building in the United States ?
What British monarch 's lap did P.T. Barnum 's Tom Thumb sit in ?
How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?
What was John Steinbeck 's travelling companion Charley ?
What is a fear of punishment ?
Who did Napolean defeat at Jena and Auerstadt ?
Where do you find information about the Queensland National Competition Policy
How do you box train a cat ?
What is the website for the USA journal ?
What are some mythology websites ?
What does IOC stand for ?
What year did Spielberg make `` Jaws '' ?
What is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?
"What shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?"
How long was the longest sneezing attack ?
In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular ?
"What are Cobol , Fortran , and Pascal ?"
What new year is celebrated on February 16th ?
What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?
What is a leaky heart valve ?
What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?
What animals acted as lapwarmers for American colonists in church ?
Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?
What does the abbreviation cwt. ?
What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?
"How do you say , `` I love you '' in other languages ?"
Where was the first zoo in the U.S. ?
What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for ?
"What are the shoe sizes of O 'Neal , Jordan , and Mutombo , the NBA players ?"
What started in 1849 when gold was discovered at Sutter 's Mill ?
What was Einstein 's birthplace ?
The Shea & Gould law firm had an office in L.A. for how many years ?
"Why was Henry Ford 's first automobile calleda Model T & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a Model A ?"
Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush ?
Where does dew come from ?
What TV detective did Craig Stevens play ?
How many verses are in the Bible ?
When is Bastille Day ?
What year did the first issue of `` Playboy '' come out ?
What is the average age a horse lives ?
Which one of the Great Lakes is entirely within U.S. territory ?
What credit card features a centurion on its face ?
What caused the Lynmouth floods ?
On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?
What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?
What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?
"What word occurs 46 , 227 times in the Bible ?"
Who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?
What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains ?
What is the largest city in Texas ?
What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
Which language has the most words ?
What erupts every hour at Yellowstone National Park ?
What future movie treat was introduced to American colonists in 1603 by Native Americans ?
What tennis player has the nickname `` Nasty '' ?
When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?
Who directed the first Woody Woodpecker cartoon ?
Who created Maudie Frickett ?
What National Basketball Association superstar told his story in Giant Steps ?
Who was the first jockey to ride two Triple Crown winners ?
What is the longest English word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?
Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?
What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 ?
Who is Count Cinzano ?
How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
What does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
With whom did Bush compare Saddam Hussein ?
What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
What 's the most common nickname of U.S. college football teams ?
What Scottish poet penned To a Mouse and To a Louse ?
What country 's capital is Lagos ?
Who was the inventor of silly putty ?
"Who wrote the book , `` Song of Solomon '' ?"
What is a fear of touching ?
How many people did Randy Craft kill ?
Who invented the lawnmower ?
What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?
Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election ?
What is the name of Joan Jett 's band ?
Name the U.S. Senate majority leader and the Speaker of the House .
What day of the week was July 13 ?
What is the first book of the Old Testament ?
"What 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?"
CNN is the abbreviation for what ?
How is the new Ford Econoline van F25 V1 engine ?
What U.S. city is known as The Rubber Capital of the World ?
"Who created the World Wide Web , WWW ?"
What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?
What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship ?
What singer 's hit song inspired the Dolly Parton Stallone movie Rhinestone ?
Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?
What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
What is the best Internet business to go into ?
What is the population of Mexico ?
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?
What is the Order of the Arrow in Boy Scouts ?
Where is Mile High Stadium ?
Who sang the song `` Hooked on a Feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` Ally Mcbeal '' ?
"Who was in Death of a Salesman original movie , not 1985 ?"
What team did Babe Ruth play his first major league game for ?
Which operating system runs on IBM-compatible machines ?
What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?
Who is the mayor of Marbella ?
What was the tragedy that struck the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?
What invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ?
What phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication The Bigfoot News ?
How did Bob Marley die ?
What city is graced by the Arch of Titus ?
How many states have a lottery ?
"How do you say , `` I love you '' in other languages ?"
What is the meaning of `` CPR '' ?
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?
What are some mythology websites ?
How can I trace my family roots ?
What was the tallest building in America in 1922 ?
What does A&W of root beer fame stand for ?
Where was Lincoln assassinated ?
How old is Jeremy Piven ?
Where was Christopher Columbus born ?
What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?
How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file ?
What is the filmmakers collabrative ?
Whose cupboard was bare ?
What is Bill Gross 's email address ?
What is Java ?
What do the French call La Manche ?
What is worth seeing in Reims ?
What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?
What is a fear of water ?
When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?
What is the longest word in the English language ?
Who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
Name a Salt Lake City newspaper .
What is Supergirl 's secret identity ?
Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
How many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
How do I contact answers.com ?
What is hydroelectricity ?
What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
How many calories are there in a glass of water ?
What Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of New York City ?
How many zeros are there in a trillion ?
How many members are in the California congressional delegation ?
Where was Lincoln assassinated ?
What is the name of a Salt Lake City newspaper ?
How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?
What political party is Sinn Fein a part of ?
How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?
When was Franklin D. Roosevelt stricken with polio ?
What baseball great plugged Mr. Coffee ?
What was the sister ship of the Olympic ?
What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?
What U.S. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?
What are common methods used to regulate monopolies ?
What document did President Andrew Johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
Where did the Battle of the Bulge take place ?
How tall is the giraffe ?
Which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?
"What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?"
What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
"What children 's tale contains the line : `` Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?"
What is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?
How has TV affected our society ?
"What is the 401 , K , plan ?"
Who is the Queen of Holland ?
What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?
What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
What is office automation ?
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?
What is the design of the ship Titanic ?
What is a tonne ?
What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
"What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?"
"What soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own Marvel comic book ?"
What is HDLC ?
What is the name for clouds that produce rain ?
What will the increase be in the California gas tax by 2000 ?
Name the two actress daughters of John Mills .
What is Dr. Ruth 's last name ?
What is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
What are a baseball team 's firemen ?
What painter popularized soup cans and Brillo soap pad boxes ?
How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
What is Archimedes famous for ?
In what book can I find the story of Aladdin ?
When did the Jurassic Period end ?
Hitler came to power in Germany in what year ?
What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas ?
Who should I call to get a tour of the New York Stock Exchange ?
What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?
Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?
Who were the Picts ?
What was the birthplace of Edgar Allen Poe ?
What language is mostly spoken in Brazil ?
What plant is rum made from ?
What nationality was Jackson Pollock ?
How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
Which country is known as `` Big Bear '' ?
Where is Dartmouth College ?
What are the top five oil-producing countries in the world ?
How far can you see ?
What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
"What meter did Shakespeare use in writing : `` To be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?"
What role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?
What does MSG stand for ?
What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?
How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
How big is a baby bald eagle ?
What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?
What was the name of the U.S. 's first manned space program ?
What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
Why are so many umbrellas black ?
What Aesop 's fable has the moral : `` The race is not always to the swift. Slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
What color is an Arctic fox in winter ?
What does a phobophobe fear ?
What are the three most populated countries in the world ?
What lake in Scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?
"What is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?"
What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?
What is molybdenum ?
Where is the Loop ?
What was the first country to put a second woman in space ?
How do you clean up a cache ?
What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?
Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?
What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?
Which of the following celebrities was not born in Philadelphia ?
What was an `` Asiento '' ?
Who killed Caesar ?
What is a fear of being dirty ?
How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?
What is Bella Abzug 's sartorial trademark ?
What is ethylene ?
On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor ?
What title did Shevardnadze have during the Soviet era ?
Where does tuberculosis come from ?
What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?
When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens ?
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?
What is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?
"Name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''"
What did John F. Kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
What does saliva consist of ?
What British female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
The trials resulting from World War II are known as what ?
Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
What toy can you make sleep ?
Who was Shakespeare 's Moorish general ?
When was Richard Nixon born ?
The trials resulting from World War II are known as what ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
What country offered Albert Einstein its presidency in 1952 ?
What game is Garry Kasparov really good at ?
What two major world religions began in India ?
What university football team did O.J. Simpson take to the Rose Bowl ?
In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany ?
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?
When did Muhammad live ?
What was the name of the famous battle between Texas and Mexico ?
What country is home to Heineken beer ?
How many people live in the Falklands ?
What does a collier mine ?
What are some good medical sites for information ?
What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
"What molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?"
What is a common dolphin ?
What is literary criticism ?
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
What future movie treat was introduced to American colonists in 1603 by Native Americans ?
How many web servers are there ?
What country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?
Who won the 1968 California Democratic primary ?
Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?
What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?
How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
Where is Poe 's birthplace ?
How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?
What is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?
What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?
Where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?
What is a First World country ?
What does U.S.S.R. stand for ?
How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?
How many yards are in 1 mile ?
What is the protagonist 's name in Dostoevski 's `` The Idiot '' ?
Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?
What is the Amish religion ?
What country borders Denmark to the south ?
Name a civil war battlefield .
"What anesthetic did Queen Victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?"
What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?
"What element , from the Periodic Table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?"
What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?
Who built the first pyramid ?
"What race is 1 , 137 miles long ?"
Where is the Rose Bowl played ?
Who is the famous sister of actress Olivia De Havilland ?
What do the figures represent on the Easter Island ?
What famous film and TV cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
Which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
What are the names of Jack 's original roommates on Three 's Company ?
What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?
How do you make dumplings ?
Who does the voices of the Simpsons ?
In which year was the cartoon character Chilly Willy created ?
How many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?
How do you clean up a cache ?
"What U.S. vice-president once declared : `` If you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?"
How can I get started in writing for television ?
Where is the biggest bell ?
Who is Desmond Tutu ?
What 's the most powerful country in the world ?
What is Nicholas Cage 's occupation ?
When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?
How many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?
How many people live in Tokyo ?
When do you plant winter wheat ?
What effect does a prism have on light ?
From what cause does tuberculosis stem ?
What city is sometimes called Gotham ?
What does the abbreviation cwt. ?
What 's the name of Pittsburgh 's baseball team ?
What is Colin Powell best known for ?
What is crabgrass ?
Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?
How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?
"Who created the Fantastic Four , Hulk , and Thor ?"
What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?
What year did the War of 1812 begin ?
What is the best way to overcome a fear ?
What city in Florida is Sea World in ?
What is a synonym for aspartame ?
What kind of species is the monster in the film `` Jaws '' ?
In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests ?
What does `` Semper Fidelis '' mean ?
What 's the second-largest island in the world ?
What game does Garry Kasparov play ?
Who was the first English circumnavigator of the globe ?
What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?
What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
Who was the first English circumnavigator of the globe ?
"What was the 24-disc John Gabel Entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?"
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?
Where are diamonds mined ?
Where are there aborigines ?
Why does the sun shine only a short time in Alaska ?
What is splatterpunk ?
What country in Latin America is the largest one ?
What major Victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
How do hermit crabs reproduce ?
What is a Jake brake ?
What is the treatment for depression ?
What 's the official animal of Canada ?
What was the first Gilbert and Sullivan opera ?
What are the `` Star Wars '' satellites ?
What is DTMF ?
"What are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?"
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
What pillar of the Dutch Renaissance painted Aristotle Contemplating the Bust of Homer ?
Who is Samuel F. Pickering ?
What labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a Michigan restaurant ?
When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities ?
Who co-starred with Julie Andrews in Mary Poppins ?
Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
What money was used by them ?
How many points are there on a Backgammon board ?
What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?
What do penguins eat ?
What was the name of the director of the movie `` Jaws '' ?
What is the tallest building in Japan ?
Who was chief engineer of the Starship Enterprise ?
Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
What engineer invented the pull-tab can ?
Where did Woodstock take place ?
"What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?"
"Who wrote the book , `` The Grinch Who Stole Christmas '' ?"
Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
What is the abbreviated form of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
"What is the name of the largest city in Chile , South America ?"
A corgi is a kind of what ?
"How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-TREE ?"
What 's the supreme policy-making bureau of the Soviet Communist Party ?
How many objects orbit the Earth ?
How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?
How many airline schools are there in the U.S. ?
Who is Coronado ?
How many Americans have HIV ?
"Whose special bear 's creator was born on January 18 , 1779 ?"
"Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?"
Who was the inventor of silly putty ?
What count did Alexandre Dumas write about ?
Name the men 's cologne that is associated with the sea .
How do you match a name to a social security number ?
How many people did Randy Craft kill ?
What is HTML ?
What is a ` borrow pit ' ?
How is the element strontium purified ?
What is a bone marrow transplant ?
What Ivy League school plays its home games at Palmer Stadium ?
What was the importance of Magellan ?
What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?
How can someone become a federal agent ?
Who said : `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
"What President was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?"
Who was Damocles ?
What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
How can I gain access to a spy satelite ?
Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .
What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?
What Southern California town is named after a character made famous by Edgar Rice Burroughs ?
Why is Jane Goodall famous ?
Where can I find a world atlas map online at no charge ?
How many chemical elements are there ?
What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000 ?
What is a fear of glass ?
What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
How old is Britney Spears ?
Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?
How is digital audio used ?
Why are haunted houses popular ?
What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?
What army 's motto is Blood and Fire ?
How many people have been Captain America ?
How many Israeli athletes were killed at the Munich Olympics ?
"On which dates does the running of the bulls occur in Pamplona , Spain ?"
"Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?"
What was Fred Astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?
Who won the first World Series ?
Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .
What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
What is California 's capital ?
Who killed Gandhi ?
What is a pyrotechnic display ?
What is the present Pope named ?
CNN is an acronym for what ?
What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?
What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines ?
Where is Sinn Fein 's headquarters ?
What year did Spielberg make `` Jaws '' ?
How many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
How long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature ?
What TV character sired a horse named Thunder ?
"Who portrayed Fatman in the television show , `` Jake and the Fatman '' ?"
What role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?
What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?
What are shooting stars ?
How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?
When were the Olympic Games in which Nadia Comaneci became popular played ?
Who made the first airplane ?
Who directed The Wild Bunch ?
What is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
"Which mammal lives , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?"
What city was Bobby Kennedy assassinated in ?
"Where can I find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along North America and the Caribbean ?"
Who did Dita Beard work for ?
How do boats float ?
What 's the meaning of the name Tatiana ?
What state on the Gulf of Mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?
What continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label ?
What U.S. Air Force general led the first bombing raid over Tokyo ?
How do you box train a cat ?
How many innings constitute an official baseball game ?
What is object-oriented design ?
What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?
Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
What does a red flag mean in auto racing ?
What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
"Who did Arthur H. Bremer try to assassinate on May 15 , 1972 ?"
What concerts are held in New York this week ?
What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
Where is the Orinoco ?
Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?
How many people died on South Carolina highways in 1998 ?
What is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to Ireland instead of to Los Angeles ?
"Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?"
What should you do for an ankle sprain ?
"In a computer , what does SCSI mean ?"
What was the reason for the partition of the Anglican and Vatican churches ?
Name a female figure skater .
How long would it take to get from Earth to Mars ?
What was the name of Robert Fulton 's most famous steamboat ?
What is porphyria ?
What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become ?
What does LOL mean ?
Who took the toys donated for the Doodyville Orphans ' Fund and kept them for himself ?
Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
Who was the last woman executed in England ?
What 's the largest letter in Salvador Dali 's signature ?
What are the four elements ?
What is the weight of air ?
Who made the most appearances in the center square on Hollywood Squares ?
Who was International Olympic Committee chairman at the 1936 Summer Games ?
What year was Janet Jackson 's first album released ?
What color were Ernest Hemingway 's eyes ?
Who was Charles Lindbergh 's wife ?
What city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the Piazza San Marco ?
What are some important events of the 1830 's ?
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?
What percent of world 's fresh water is found in Canada ?
What joins white wine to put the spritz in a Spritzer ?
What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?
Where is your corpus callosum ?
What are the characters ' names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon ?
What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?
Who turned all he touched to gold ?
What is a firewall ?
What did Andy Hardy 's father do for a living ?
What country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader of ?
How do I sing like Elvis Presley ?
How long is Camptown Racetrack ?
Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight ?
What is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
What baseball player was walked the most times ?
When did Charles Lindbergh die ?
How many were in attendance at the Last Supper ?
What is ethology ?
What scale measures earthquakes ?
What is Candlemas Day ?
"What President hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting No. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?"
How much did Varian Associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the BOC group for ?
Who was Jean Nicolet ?
How big is the universe actually ?
What TV family sometimes buys eclairs from Nelson 's Bakery ?
Name Li 'l Abner 's favorite Indian drink .
How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?
What car was driven in the 199 release of `` Smokey and the Bandit '' ?
What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?
How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?
What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?
What building are British monarchs crowned in ?
What Grand Slam golf tournament wasn 't held between 1940 and 1945 ?
What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
How many questions do you have on your database ?
What does it take to be a hero ?
What 's the second-most-used murder weapon in the U.S. ?
What is a fear of crystals or glass ?
"What sound does Olympia , Washington , overlook ?"
"What 's the better-known identity of John Merrick , the noble ogre of Victorian England ?"
What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
How big is a quart ?
Why can 't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?
What 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family ?
"Name a movie that the actress , Sandra Bullock , had a role in ."
What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak ?
"What 's Mrs. Bridges 's job on TV 's Upstairs , Downstairs ?"
How is Answers.com funded ?
How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?
Who was America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 ?
"What kind of animals are Dorsets , Lincolns , Oxfords and Southdowns ?"
What is the abbreviation of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
When was Babe Ruth born ?
Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
"In 1990 , what day of the week did Christmas fall on ?"
"What will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?"
What year did the first issue of `` Playboy '' come out ?
How many Leos have been Pope ?
What magazine paid Ernest Hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?
What kind of people took part in Shays ' Rebellion in Massachusetts in 1787 ?
What country is bounded in part by the Indian Ocean and Coral and Tasman seas ?
"What anesthetic did Queen Victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?"
What are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
What is a fear of parasites ?
How do you write a book report ?
What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?
"What feathered cartoon characters do Yugoslavians know as Vlaja , Gaja , and Raja ?"
What instrument does Benny Carter play ?
What sport does Chris Jogis play ?
What major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
What is the term for someone who hates mankind ?
How do I give a good massage ?
"How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?"
Who is Peter Weir ?
When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?
Aspartame is known by what other name ?
How is silk screening done ?
Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?
What are manifest and latent function theories ?
Why are there olives in martinis ?
How do websites like Yahoo and Excite make money ?
What country has the largest sheep population ?
Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?
What is Tetrinet ?
What is the U.S. location of Procter & Gamble corporate offices ?
How many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
What does a deltiologist collect ?
"What architect originated the glass house designed the Chicago Federal Center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the California ranch house ?"
Who lives at 39 Stone Canyon Way ?
How many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters : c ?
What are some of Australia 's native flora ?
What country 's people are the top television watchers ?
Who did Dita Beard work for ?
Approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
What does the abbreviation IOC stand for ?
Where is Poe 's birthplace ?
How do I register a trade name in North Carolina ?
What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM ?
Where does Mother Angelica live ?
Which glamorous actress is a close friend of Dick Tracy ?
What sea surrounds the Cayman Islands ?
What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?
What Erica Jong novel deals with Isadora Wing 's fear ?
Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .
"What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN ."
What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
What do the French call La Manche ?
How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?
Name an art gallery in New York .
What do the Japanese call Japan ?
What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as ?
What year did the Vietnam War end ?
What is pandoro ?
What color is Chablis ?
What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?
"What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America , ?"
Name of the lady the Great Gatsby pines for ?
What major airline has the best safety record in the world ?
What is a fear of food ?
What countries have the most auto thefts ?
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
What is the greatest hiking Web site ?
What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble ?
How much does a poodle weigh ?
How long was the OJ Simpson trial ?
Why was the zipper invented ?
What does N est-ce pas mean ?
Name Randy Craft 's lawyer .
What is the name of the second space shuttle ?
What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?
What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
What does a deltiologist collect ?
"What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?"
What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics ?
Where do lobsters like to live ?
What state is Mount McKinley in ?
"What is the 401 , K , plan ?"
"What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?"
What is the name of the largest water conservancy project in China ?
How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
Who is Robin Williams ?
What carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?
What comedian was The Perfect Fool ?
Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?
When did Nostradamus believe World War III would begin ?
"Who was the first elected mayor of Washington , D.C. ?"
Where 's the Petrified Forest ?
What is the seafaring name for the southern tip of South America ?
What game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
What was Edward Albee 's first full-length play ?
What is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
"How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia , built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US , produce ?"
What does Melissa mean ?
What does camera-ready art mean ?
What 's the largest island in the West Indies ?
Where is the Bulls basketball team based ?
"What 1942 espionage movie reunited director John Huston with Maltese Falconers Humphrey Bogart , Mary Astor , and Sidney Greenstreet ?"
What color is the lipstick on Boy George 's wax lips at London 's Madame Tussaud 's ?
What is a ` borrow pit ' ?
What are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?
Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?
What is the capital of California ?
Whose image is alleged to be on The Shroud of Turin ?
What Asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?
What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?
Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?
What is the most popular last name ?
What would happen to Canada if Quebec separated ?
What first-aid product `` Helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?
What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?
What was Marilyn Monroe 's real name ?
What was the effect of the Yalta Conference ?
How old was Lucille Ball when the show `` I Love Lucy '' premiered ?
How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?
What are bear and bull markets ?
What month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?
What country are Godiva chocolates from ?
What is hypertext ?
"What celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?"
Which city has the oldest relationship as a sistercity with Los Angeles ?
What does the word `` meta '' mean ?
What Sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
What is a Jake brake ?
What is an arab strap ?
How many James Bond novels are there ?
What city did the Flintstones live in ?
What is platinum ?
What American League baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?
What 's the meaning of UOL ?
Who is Johnny Carson ?
What was Einstein 's IQ ?
Name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .
How did the Great Depression affect Japan 's history ?
How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
The film `` Jaws '' was made in what year ?
What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?
What United States city produces the most oil ?
"What garment was named for Bradley , Voorhees and Day ?"
Where were the 196 Summer Olympics held ?
What are the different types of plastic ?
Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration ?
How do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
What are all the rivers in Europe ?
What is the purpose of a car bra ?
What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?
How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?
What is software piracy ?
What is Rona Barrett 's married name ?
Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?
How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
Where do hyenas live ?
Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
What 's the farthest planet from the sun ?
Who is the best known villain of the 165 Gunpowder Plot ?
What is a Chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?
What are the world 's four oceans ?
Who invented silly putty ?
Name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by Nancy and Chuck .
What are geckos ?
What two countries are linked by the Brenner Pass ?
Why do horseshoes bring luck ?
What kind of crystals exist ?
Who sings Angel Eyes from the 80 's ?
How many freckles does Howdy Doody have on his face ?
Name the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse .
What ill-fated craft was captained by Ernst Lehmann ?
What country is located at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude ?
Where are the U.S. headquarters for Procter & Gamble ?
Who invented the toothbrush ?
Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
What is a person called that likes fire ?
What is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?
Why is Thanksgiving on a Thursday ?
"What are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in Spartanburg , South Carolina ?"
Name Alvin 's brothers
How much will gas be taxed in California by the year 2000 ?
How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board ?
What country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader of ?
What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?
Who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
What football bowl game 's first queen was Hallie Woods ?
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?
What color of Monopoly properties are landed on most often ?
"What was the proper Laugh-In respones to : `` Say goodnight , Dick '' ?"
In what year was the cannon invented ?
Why is the moon different sizes and colors ?
Who is Stephen Hawking ?
Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?
What is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
Who wrote Unsafe at Any Speed ?
What is a courier ?
How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan ?
Hitler came to power in Germany in what year ?
Who did the Seven Mules block for ?
What is the Jewish bible called ?
What 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?
What does the `` blue ribbon '' stand for ?
"On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?"
What organization has a Security Council ?
What is a cullion ?
"What two Japanese cities are spelled with the letters K , O , O , T and Y ?"
What is her husband 's name ?
Who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?
What is the busiest air travel season ?
What is a swatch ?
What South American capital is the world 's highest ?
What 's the hardest substance in the human body ?
How does an abacus work ?
What 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?
How many pounds are there in a stone ?
How many Leos have been Pope ?
"What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America , ?"
What constellation is known as The Water Bearer ?
What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford 's The Incredible Journey ?
Who does data collection in tourism ?
How do anti-locking brakes work ?
What month 's third weekend is the Monterey Jazz Festival held on ?
"What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?"
What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?
Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?
Where was Richard Nixon when Gerald Ford became president ?
What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
"Where are the apartments in Saint John , New Brunswick ?"
What was the date of CNN 's first broadcast ?
Who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by Robin Williams in `` Dead Poets Society '' ?
"What company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?"
What is HTML ?
What country did the Romans call Hibernia ?
What is the name of the Indian who became prime minister by beating Mrs. Gandhi in the 1977 election ?
Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
What five cards make up a perfect Cribbage hand ?
Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
When was the battle of the Somme fought ?
What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?
What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?
How can I transport files from one computer to another ?
"What garment was named for Bradley , Voorhees and Day ?"
What 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?
What director made one silent and one sound version of The Ten Commandments ?
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?
Where is the Thomas Edison Museum ?
Where is the Danube ?
What does the channel ESPN stand for ?
"What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?"
Why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?
How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?
What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?
What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life ?
What football coach 's story was told in the movie Run to Daylight ?
What is the nursery rhyme Rock-a-by Baby about ?
Which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
Which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
Which ear can most people hear better with ?
"What 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` Galloping Gourmet '' ?"
What are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?
What measures did Clinton take to avoid the draft ?
What is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the Marvel Universe ?
How many languages does the Pope speak ?
"What President was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?"
What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?
What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly ?
What war added jeep and quisling to the English language ?
"What basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?"
What 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?
What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux ?
What is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''
What 's the colored part of the eye called ?
Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?
What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
What is an Angelus ?
What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?
What appointments secretary to Richard Nixon went to jail ?
What happened to Phillip Taylor Kramer ?
Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?
What does a spermologer collect ?
What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi ?
Where does `` bovine '' come from ?
Who lived on the shores of the Gitchee Gumee River ?
What is Shalom ?
When is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?
Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln ?
Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language ?
What is the secret of the universe ?
How fast is light ?
"What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?"
What apostle is Taylor Caldwell 's Great Lion of God ?
What are the ages in comic book lingo ?
What is the Lost Colony ?
What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?
Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
What knighted actor narrates TV 's The World at War ?
What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
What international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?
What comedienne calls her sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her mother-in-law Moby Dick ?
How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?
What is swap math ?
What are dingoes ?
When will the millennium officially begin ?
Where is the Kalahari desert ?
Where is Natick ?
"Who is John Macarthur , 1767-1834 ?"
What American League baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?
What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?
What is a fear of passing high objects ?
What title did Suzette Charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
How can you define time ?
What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?
What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
What number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?
How much snow equals an inch of rain ?
What is Bella Abzug 's sartorial trademark ?
How many colonies did Germany get to keep after World War I ?
"What future deer hunter portrayed Annie Hall 's neurotic brother , Duane ?"
What delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe ?
What is the VDRL test of blood ?
What tale has the moral : `` He who wants everything gets nothing '' ?
What is a phalanx ?
What famous singing cowboy owns the California Angels baseball team ?
In what city is the famed St. Mark 's Square ?
What are the Urals ?
Whom did Friz Freleng add to the Warner Bros. cartoon ranks ?
What TV detective did Craig Stevens play ?
What war did the Potsdam Conference follow ?
What does IBM stand for ?
Who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the Kalahari Desert in Africa ?
Who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
What did Mr. Magoo flog on TV for General Electric ?
What is Toulmin logic ?
What harmful chemicals are in bug spray ?
Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
How big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old ?
Who is the Voyager project manager ?
What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?
What newspaper serves Salt Lake City ?
Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?
What is November 's birthstone ?
Who should I call to get a tour of the New York Stock Exchange ?
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
What is the fear of being loved ?
What does the abbreviation OAS stand for ?
What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France ?
Who won the first World Series ?
What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
How many spears are there on Kenya 's flag ?
Where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?
What novel has Big Brother watching ?
What year was the Avery Dennison company founded ?
How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones ?
How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?
How do you make a paintball ?
What is Drew Barrymore 's email address ?
What is usenet for the Internet ?
What were first used by John L. Sullivan and James J. Corbett in 1892 ?
Name the lawyer for Randy Craft .
What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?
How do they type Chinese characters on a keyboard ?
What percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?
What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?
What is California 's capital ?
What is the name of the American who was captured when his plane went down over Syrian-held Lebanon ?
What is `` cat scratch fever '' ?
Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight ?
What is the snowiest city in the U.S. ?
"What drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?"
What is a leaky heart valve ?
Who was the actor who played Sam in the movie Casablanca ?
What is Jimmy Olsen 's full name ?
Which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
Name Pittsburgh 's baseball team .
"What magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter film of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?"
Where did Bill Gates go to college ?
What was the infamous pseudonym of Peter Sutcliffe ?
What 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows ?
What President dispatched a cruiser to carry Charles Lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
Who bestowed great power upon Captain Britain ?
What is the chemical formula for napalm ?
How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?
How was the element calcium named ?
What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?
What is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in Christmas trees ?
How many bytes are in a terabyte ?
Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
What famous singing cowboy owns the California Angels baseball team ?
Who took the toys donated for the Doodyville Orphans ' Fund and kept them for himself ?
What country 's capital was formed when Pesth and Buda merged ?
What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
How many Beanie Baby sites are there ?
Name the French historical period during the reign of Napoleon III .
Who recorded the 1957 hit Tammy ?
What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus ?
Who was credited with saying : `` I never met a man I did n't like '' ?
How did names come about ?
How many Superbowls have the ers won ?
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
What sport is played on the largest field ?
What film did Louise Fletcher win the best actress Oscar for ?
"What U.S. vice-president once declared : `` If you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?"
What U.S. state comes last in an alphabetical list ?
Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?
How tall was the animated Frankenstein
What is a fear of bees ?
What famed library can you reach by dialing 22-287-5 ?
What is Sinn Fein ?
What National Basketball Association superstar told his story in Giant Steps ?
What are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?
What town was the setting for The Music Man ?
Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
How many colors are there in a rainbow ?
What was the first video ever made ?
What country boasts the southernmost point in continental Europe ?
What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?
What are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?
What fruit-topped actress was known as The Brazilian Bombshell ?
What did Jimmy Stewart invent ?
What baseball great plugged Mr. Coffee ?
"What was the proper Laugh-In respones to : `` Say goodnight , Dick '' ?"
How did Peabody and Sherman travel through time ?
Who is Charles Lindbergh ?
What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
What are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?
What is e-commerce ?
What is a fear of childbirth ?
Who shoplifts ?
Who is Barbara Jordan ?
What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
What state does Martha Stewart live in ?
What state produces the best lobster to eat ?
What U.S. state has sagebrush as its state flower ?
What plant has the largest seed ?
What presidential press secretary dismissed Watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln ?
What type is a snail ?
What famous British actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?
Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?
What foods contain the most protein ?
What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?
Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park ?
Who was Ezra Taft Benson ?
What is the geographical center of the US including Alaska and Hawaii ?
Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?
How do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?
What government department did The Untouchables work for ?
How many dollars a day did Arthur Frommer say you could get by on in Europe in 1968 ?
Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?
When did Mount St. Helens last erupt ?
How old is the sun ?
What does hazmat stand for ?
How many soldiers were involved in the last Panama invasion by the United States of America ?
What country has the port of Haifa ?
What was the verdict in the 1925 trial of John T. Scopes ?
What is a synonym for aspartame ?
What does e.g. stand for ?
What mayor made so many TV appearances he was asked to join AFTRA in 1984 ?
What is the definition of a witch ?
Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1
What is Plc ?
What are pushed and coupled in hump yards ?
Who would you use the Heimlich maneuver on ?
How many endangered species are there in the world ?
Who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
What is the word for love of pain or abuse ?
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?
Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
What famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of Bugs Moran 's outfit ?
What happens to used motor oil ?
Who sang the song `` Hooked on a Feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` Ally Mcbeal '' ?
What did Jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans ?
"What is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?"
Where are the Union Stockyards ?
What did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?
"In My Antonia , how is Mr. Shimerda out of place on the farm ?"
What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
What does the word LASER mean ?
How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
What 's the rathaus in Frankfurt ?
What is a phalanx ?
What television network flogged its sports programming on Inga Nielsen 's body in 197 ?
What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?
What percentage of American men are alcoholic ?
How do I find out what cities are in a certain area code ?
How many people died in the Vietnam war ?
How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?
What is a caul ?
"What was the first Funk 'N Lata , Brazilian group , success ?"
What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
What was `` America 's recessed-filter cigarette '' ?
What are the statistics for drunken drivers in Maryland ?
What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
When was the bar-code invented ?
What fuel do airplanes use ?
What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?
What do ladybugs eat ?
Who is the mathematician that won the Noble Prize for Literature in 1950 ?
What makes a tornado turn ?
What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?
What was the date of CNN 's first broadcast ?
"What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' ."
What is the longest river in the United States ?
What is a person called that likes fire ?
How do you make panoramic sugar eggs for Easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?
What is real time processing ?
"What day is August 13 , 1971 ?"
What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?
Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
What causes pneumonia ?
How does a copier work ?
Which one of the Great Lakes is entirely within U.S. territory ?
Who was the Russian ambassador to Hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
"What river runs through Colorado , Kansas , and Oklahoma ?"
Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
"Where can I find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?"
Who wrote `` Much Ado About Nothing '' ?
What is a mathematical factor ?
What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?
How many cherubs are there on a Trivial Pursuit board ?
The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?
What is the fastest computer ?
Where is the group M People from ?
What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
How is an executioner determined ?
What were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?
Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument ?
What do flatfish eat ?
What is the average age a horse lives ?
"What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture , `` Fourth Position Front ? ''"
Where is the highest point in Japan ?
What is the date of Boxing Day ?
Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?
What was Einstein 's IQ ?
What drug is often used to treat AIDS patients ?
What is Goldfinger 's first name ?
What powdered soft drink mix went into space ?
Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?
What is the best art and design school in the world ?
What is the recipe for Eggs Benedict ?
What player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?
How many colors are there in the spectrum ?
What does caliente translate to in English ?
Where is Qatar ?
What is the zodiac sign for August 14 ?
How do I know if I am pregnant ?
How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?
Who was Jean Nicolet ?
Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts ?
What 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?
How many stars are there on the Soviet Union 's flag ?
Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
Name the two actress daughters of John Mills .
How many engines does a Boeing 737 have ?
What is `` flintknapping '' ?
What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?
What is average salary of restaurant manager in United States ?
What fossilizes to form coprolite ?
How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?
What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford 's The Incredible Journey ?
How many people in Tucson ?
What does an emperor do ?
What is the salary of a U.S. Representative ?
What organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?
How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
What is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an NHL hockey game ?
What company was the original sponsor of TV 's Superman ?
What 's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ?
What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?
What was her real name ?
Where do I find information for foreclosure properties on the Internet ?
What songs were popular in 1948 ?
Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?
What city is . KDGE Radio located in ?
Who awarded The Flying Fickle Finger of Fate ?
How many web servers are there ?
"Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?"
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
Who is Colin Powell ?
Why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?
What two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?
What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
What is website of the International Court of Justice ?
"What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?"
What are Arnold Palmer 's fans called ?
"What river runs through Colorado , Kansas , and Oklahoma ?"
In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?
Where is Webster University ?
How many questions are on this thing ?
Why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
Where did he get the title ?
What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
Where is the Orange Bowl ?
What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe ?
What 's the literary term for a play on words ?
When did the art of quilting begin ?
What two body parts grow all your life ?
What is cache memory ?
Who is Colin Powell ?
What did Louis Cartier invent for aviator Santos Dumont in 1940 ?
What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique ?
What is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
What are the seven virtues ?
What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?
What continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label ?
What is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?
"What was archy , and mehitabel ?"
What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
What is the longest-running television series ?
Which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?
What king boycotted Prince Charles 's wedding ?
How hot should the oven be when making Peachy Oat Muffins ?
What percentage of the body is muscle ?
What do bicornate animals have two of ?
Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?
What eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the U.S. ?
How many years old is Benny Carter ?
What is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?
What country are Godiva chocolates from ?
Why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?
How much is Clara Peller being paid by Wendy 's to say `` Where 's the beef '' ?
What is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020 ?
Who was the president of Vichy France ?
Who is the president of Bolivia ?
What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
"What is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?"
What is the nature of learning ?
What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner ?
What nationality is Ileana Cotrubas ?
How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
What is the busiest air travel season ?
What TV show did John Sebastian sing the theme for ?
How old is the Italian artist Maurizio Pellegrin ?
How do they produce vitamins ?
What is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ?
How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?
What is the text of the Fifth Amendment ?
What does it take to become a lawyer ?
What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?
Who said `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
Where is the bridge over the river Kwai ?
What book is the follow-up to Future Shock ?
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?
What do you call a group of geese ?
What is being done about the millennium bug ?
What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
What is God ?
What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?
What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?
What is the name of the Michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?
When was the first Barbie produced ?
What are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
What TV family sometimes buys eclairs from Nelson 's Bakery ?
What 's a `` Drinker respirator '' better known as ?
What 's the largest U.S. city on the Great Lakes ?
Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?
How is the element strontium purified ?
Name a South African diamond producer ?
Who were the head writers for the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour ?
What Batman character tools around on a Batcycle ?
What is a Cartesian Diver ?
Who was Lacan ?
What is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?
What is artificial intelligence ?
What is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
What is the distinction of Erle Stanley Gardner 's The Case of the Terrified Typist ?
What was George Washington afraid of ?
Who is the composer of `` Canon in D Major '' ?
What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?
Name a Gaelic language .
Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
What two baseball players make up the battery ?
What condiment do the Dutch dip their French fries in ?
How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
How deep is a fathom ?
"Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' ."
Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?
What does LOL mean ?
"Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?"
Where does your hair grow the fastest ?
What is the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?
Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
What American naval officer broke Japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?
What is a philanthropist ?
What is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the English language ?
What former African leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?
What was the date of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait ?
Where on the Internet can I get chemicals importers ?
What kind of hat does Bat Masterson wear ?
What European country 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?
What is saltpeter ?
Why do you say `` God bless you '' when people sneeze ?
How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?
What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?
Where was Poe born ?
What two vegetables are combined in succotash ?
How many words are there in the Spanish language ?
Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
What do most tourists visit in Reims ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?
What 2th-century American poet wrote a four-volume biography of Abraham Lincoln ?
What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
Who founded the Unification Church ?
What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?
Who are the presidents of Mexico and Indonesia ?
What does a phobophobe fear ?
Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged .
What company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
How long does a fly live ?
Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?
What is the most populated city in the world ?
What is measured in curies ?
What is a fear of fur ?
Who was made the first honorary citizen of the U.S. ?
What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?
In the past 8 years who have the MVP players for the NHL been ?
Why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?
What company makes impulse hardening equipment ?
What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?
How many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?
How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
What city is served by Tempelhol Airport ?
What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in ?
What is the full name of the PLO ?
What is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?
"Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?"
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
Who is the president of Stanford University ?
What famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` Baby '' ?
What college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?
What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics ?
Who won Oscars for her roles in Gone with the Wind and A Streetcar Named Desire ?
What does the Ouarterly Review of Doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?
Where is Tornado Alley ?
How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria 's reign ?
What are birds descendents of ?
"What creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?"
How is the new Ford Econoline van F25 V1 engine ?
How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?
How many miles of corridors are in The Pentagon ?
What 's the Red Planet ?
Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?
What is one of the languages spoken by the Sioux called ?
What will happen when sodium is put in water ?
Who sings Angel Eyes from the 80 's ?
What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?
Who invented basketball ?
What kind of science is cosmology ?
What five cards make up a perfect Cribbage hand ?
How fast do cheetahs run ?
What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?
Why did the Aztecs first think the Spanish were Gods ?
How is plastic made ?
What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?
What two countries are separated by the Bering Strait ?
What city is served by Logan International Airport ?
"Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN ."
What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?
Who killed JFK ?
What constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?
Who was the first person to study the stars ?
How many Israeli athletes were killed at the Munich Olympics ?
When is a woman most fertile ?
What is the zodiac sign for August 14 ?
What percentage of all world tornados touch down in the US ?
What was Thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?
How fast can a Corvette go ?
What is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
What is a nanometer ?
How do I give a good massage ?
How did Rocky Marciano die ?
How many different languages are spoken in Europe ?
What plant is rum made from ?
Who killed Lee Harvey Oswald ?
Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?
What four forms does gold occur in ?
Who portrayed W.C. Fields in the film W.C. Fields and Me ?
What causes tuberculosis ?
Who was the inventor of the stove ?
What is a golf ball made of ?
Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?
What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?
Garry Kasparov plays what game ?
What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
What 's the biggest-selling U.S. magazine aimed at a black audience ?
Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
Which country is known as `` Big Bear '' ?
What American actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?
Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
What is spaceball played on ?
How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
Which killer whale died at Sea World of a fungal infection ?
What famed river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see ?
Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export ?
What city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
What British general surrendered to the colonial army at Saratoga ?
When did Nixon die ?
How many languages are there in the world ?
What are some good medical sites for information ?
"What singer became despondent over the death of Freddie Prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?"
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
What makes thunder ?
How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
What percent of world 's fresh water is found in Canada ?
What makes thunder ?
Who wrote Brave New World ?
In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?
What constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?
Where is Dartmouth College ?
What London museum features a Chamber of Horrors ?
What does VCR stand for ?
What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?
Where can I get a map of Prussia on the Internet ?
What continent is Bolivia on ?
What does SHIELD stand for ?
Where is Kings Canyon ?
Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason ?
What are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
What Louisiana Senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ?
Where is the Virtual Desk Reference ?
The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what ?
Name four famous cartoon cats .
What is the smallest country in Africa ?
What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?
"What is the name of actor Rex Harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular TV show during the late 1960's ?"
In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
What sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
"What member of The Little Rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in Darla Hood ?"
What are the words to the song sung by `` Banana in Pajamas '' ?
What is proposition 98 about ?
What is a cake of soap ?
On what river is Strasbourg built ?
How many different languages are spoken in Europe ?
What are pomegranates ?
What does Visine get out ?
Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?
"Who manufactures the software , `` PhotoShop '' ?"
How many visitors go to the Vatican each year ?
What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?
When did beethoven die ?
Name the largest country in South America .
What is the literal meaning of `` D-DAY '' ?
What famed clown appeared on an early Howdy Doody Show and insisted that Clarabell be made up as a real clown ?
What is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
Who first broke the sound barrier ?
What was Paul Bunyan 's ox 's name ?
What is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ?
Why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?
How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?
What color flies closest to the staff on Belgium 's flag ?
What are the three most successful companies of our time ?
What information can you tell me about actor James Cromwell ?
What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis
What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
When was the De Beers company founded ?
What is capitalism according to Max Weber ?
What city 's theatrical district has been dubbed The Roaring Forties ?
What U.S. state are the Finger Lakes in ?
What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?
What are the first ten amendements passed ?
What was the infamous pseudonym of Peter Sutcliffe ?
What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
"What 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?"
Who is the president of Stanford University ?
How many small businesses are there in the United States ?
What was the role of the Medieval Guild ?
What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?
What is the best selling computer model ever ?
What 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?
What country 's capital was formed when Pesth and Buda merged ?
"What President 's favorite Biblical quotation was : `` Come now , and let us reason together '' ."
What does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?
Who was the first animal into space ?
What sport can a free-legged pacer compete in ?
What Peruvian city is home to the mummified body of Francisco Pizarro ?
What are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in New England ?
What kind of weapons were used in Medieval warfare ?
What general direction does the journey in Around the World in 80 Days proceed in ?
How many millimeters are in a mile ?
What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?
About how many soldiers died in World War II ?
What star-faring race brought about the Inhumans on Marvel 's Earth ?
What is the dot on an the letter i called ?
What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?
What does HIV stand for ?
What does HIV stand for ?
What feminist wrote Sexual Politics and Flying ?
What is the history of skateboarding ?
How do you reference a website ?
Where does tuberculosis come from ?
What company named one of its pens `` The Banana '' ?
What does appropriates money mean ?
Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?
What National League baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
When did beethoven die ?
What whisky is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?
What British TV series featured Emma Peel ?
What are the main blood vessels ?
What company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
"What 's the population of Biloxi , Mississippi ?"
Who shoplifts ?
What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?
Where is Natick ?
"In Beetle Bailey , can you name Sarge 's dog ?"
What household products are there for adult acne ?
How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?
What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline ?
How do you say I love you in Spanish ?
Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .
What is the capital of Uruguay ?
What enigmatic U.S. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the West ?
What is gymnophobia ?
What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?
What ill-fated American general dragged a bull terrier named Willie through World War II ?
Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?
Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league ?
What year was Janet Jackson 's first album released ?
What is the spectrum of a sine wave ?
What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
What were the last names of gangsters Bonnie and Clyde ?
How much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
Where did bocci originate ?
How often are brain cells replaced ?
What two countries are linked by the Brenner Pass ?
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
Which king signed the Magna Carta ?
What color is the cross on Switzerland 's flag ?
What product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
Where is the human skin least sensitive ?
How many tenths of the Earth 's surface lie under water ?
What was the Long March in China ?
What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
How many films are made by the major studios in a year ?
What was called the world 's largest department store ?
What is home banking ?
What boxer 's life story is titled Raging Bull ?
What is the root of all evil ?
What are some children 's rights ?
How many times does the tide ebb and flow each day ?
Who played Maria in the film West Side Story ?
What non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed Jack The Dripper by Time ?
What is Tetrinet ?
When did the neanderthal man live ?
What percentage of Americans own their homes ?
On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
What was the Christian name of the title character in Our Miss Brooks ?
What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?
What is her profession ?
What is titanium ?
How many times a year does the American Gourd Society publish The Gourd ?
How tall is the Matterhorn ?
What is the name given to a group of geese ?
Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent ?
What actor first portrayed James Bond ?
What are all the southern states of the U.S. ?
Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?
What was the Great Britain population from 1699-172 ?
What two major world religions began in India ?
What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?
What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?
"Who created the World Wide Web , WWW ?"
What 's the name of a hotel in Indianapolis ?
Who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
How many sides does a heptagon have ?
What does CNN stand for ?
What is Chiricahua the name of ?
What is a gandy dancer ?
What is the origin of the Christmas tree ?
Who was credited with saying : `` I never met a man I did n't like '' ?
What are tourist attractions in Reims ?
What is fiber in food ?
How much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
What did the Congress of Vienna establish ?
What is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
Where did Victor Hugo spend his exile ?
What international sport was originally called hurley ?
What was the first minimum wage ?
What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?
In what city is the famed St. Mark 's Square ?
How many trees go into paper making in a year ?
What is Linux ?
What does the double-O indicate in 007 ?
What do Japanese school uniforms look like ?
What group starred in the movie Rock Around the Clock ?
How do you say I love you in Spanish ?
"What product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?"
Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
How do you match a name to a social security number ?
What is RAM in the computer ?
What is a multiplexer ?
How many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
How many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
"What English physician was born on January 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?"
Who was the president of Vichy France ?
What is the nickname of the Cleveland Indians ?
Why didn 't European colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?
What country did King Wenceslas rule ?
Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?
What animal was the heat-seeking missile called the Sidewinder named for ?
What is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
What do I need to learn to design web pages ?
What was the distinguishing mark on the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
"What according to the Kinsey Institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of American males ?"
What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?
What Hall of Fame pitcher started three World Series Games for the New York Yankees in 1962 ?
What is the Taj Majal made of ?
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?
How many Grammys did Michael Jackson win in 1983 ?
What is a fear of trees ?
Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?
Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
What is a country that starts with the letter x ?
"Who created the comic strip , `` Garfield '' ?"
How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?
"What is the address for the main government office in Rome , Italy ?"
What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?
What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only `` My God '' in his log ?
What is an auto-commentary ?
What does a farrier put shoes on ?
What century 's the setting for TV 's The Adventures of Robin Hood ?
Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?
What William Makepeace Thackeray novel was made into a film by Stanley Kubrick ?
How do you say `` Grandma '' in Irish ?
What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly ?
What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia ?
What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
What is Answers.com 's address ?
What color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
What is software piracy ?
"What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?"
What phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication The Bigfoot News ?
What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ?
What is the origin of the first name ` Breony ' ?
How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?
What is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?
What is `` the bear of beers '' ?
What two European countries are joined by the Gran San Bernardo Pass ?
What famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the Venetian Lagoon from Venice ?
"What are Kythnos , Siphnos , Seriphos and Mykonos ?"
Who discovered imaginary numbers ?
What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?
What 's the largest U.S. agricultural crop by weight ?
Where does the song Anything Goes take place ?
How do you find the area of a circle ?
When was the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin built ?
Who was the Secretary of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg ?
What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?
When was `` the Great Depression '' ?
What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill ?
What year did Hitler die ?
What did the Congress of Vienna establish ?
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?
When was the battle of the Somme fought ?
How can I find out my Moon sign ?
What is a neurosurgeon ?
What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?
What is a fear of going to bed ?
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
What is the West Virginia state animal ?
What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?
How many lakes are there on the Earth ?
"What were Baffin , Frobisher and Franklin looking for ?"
What war did Johnny Reb and Billy Yank fight ?
What U.S. state has the most blondes ?
What medium is Stuart Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
Who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of Florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
What ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?
What are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
What are the most albums sold by one artist or band ?
What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?
What kind of weapons were used in Medieval warfare ?
What was the name of Sergeant Preston of the Yukon 's lead dog ?
What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?
How many different countries export coffee ?
Who invented the game bowling ?
How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
"Who came up with the name , El Nino ?"
What is an annotated bibliography ?
How do you clean badly tarnished brass ?
What culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
How many colors was the 1940s collectible called a Donald Duck Rubber Boat ?
What is the estimated total U.S. whitetail deer population ?
What interesting method was used to run the credits in the early Popeye cartoons ?
How you can raise your IQ ?
What caused the death of Bob Marley ?
How do clouds form ?
How can you define time ?
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?
What is the name of the game that Garry Kasparov plays ?
What was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
How many of every 10 members of the Rodeo Cowboys Association have never worked a ranch ?
How big is the largest diamond ?
"What country surrounds San Marino , the world 's smallest Republic ?"
What is the chemical reactivity of helium ?
"In the Miller Lite TV commercial , who is the creature ?"
What is a fear of hair ?
What is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?
What is the real name of disc jockey `` Wolfman Jack '' ?
What 's the home of the Rockettes ?
What well-known actor is the father of star Alan Alda ?
Where can I buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?
What is the average salary of a paleontologist ?
How long do hermit crabs live ?
What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?
Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?
What 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'The Simpsons ' ?
Who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears ?
What is the fastest-growing comic strip of all time ?
Name the tree growing company .
How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year ?
What does a tarantula eat ?
What term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
How long does it take to hike the entire Appalachian Trail ?
Whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on Academy Award thank-yous ?
Who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
What is a biologist ?
What is the abbreviation of General Motors ?
From what cause does tuberculosis stem ?
What Metropolis landmark was first introduced in the Superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
"Who is John Macarthur , 1767-1834 ?"
"What group included Abbey Hoffman , Jerry Rubin , and Tom Hayden ?"
Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university ?
How do you identify prime numbers ?
Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?
What is white chocolate ?
What is a fear of motion ?
How many people have been Captain America ?
What mountainous region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog native to ?
How do microwaves work ?
What is the Jewish bible called ?
What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?
Who said : `` Soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
CNN is the abbreviation for what ?
How close a cousin was Franklin D. to Theodore Roosevelt ?
What Australian city became the home of the America 's Cup ?
Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?
How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey ?
"What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor , later fired by Nixon ?"
Where does Ray Bradbury 's Chronicles take place ?
How do wasps make their nests ?
How does lightning travel ?
In what movie is the number nine found in the title ?
What Japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of Tokyo ?
Which airplane did Fawaz Younis hijack ?
"What U.S. Congressman said : `` Keep the faith , baby '' ."
Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .
What is the difference between love and infatuation ?
"What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?"
What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life ?
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?
The Orange Bowl is in what city ?
What does IOC stand for ?
What is the difference between khaki and chino ?
What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?
What is film noir ?
How do I tie dye clothes ?
What film featured a snarly character named Kid Shelleen ?
What does the word LASER mean ?
What is meant by blood SED rate ?
What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?
What animal has been called The Poor Man 's Cow ?
What does a woman want ?
What is the origin of the name Katie ?
What makes salt ?
What 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?
What are the side effects of mevacor ?
"What is the main language of Sao Paulo , Brazil ?"
Name a film in which Jude Law acted .
What was the sister ship of the Olympic ?
How many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?
Where is Rider College located ?
Who discovered electricity ?
Whose image is alleged to be on The Shroud of Turin ?
What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?
What does VCR stand for ?
What is thalassemia ?
What football bowl game 's first queen was Hallie Woods ?
What are the seven deadly sins ?
What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble ?
What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers ?
What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power ?
At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?
When was child labor abolished ?
What Shakespeare play opens with the line : `` Now is the winter of our discontent.. . '' ?
Where is Ocho Rios ?
What are the cookies in Internet ?
Which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` Outstanding Mother Award '' from the National Mother 's Day Committee ?
How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?
What spice do chefs pay the most for ?
Who wrote the poem that starts `` I love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
Who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the San Diego county ?
Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?
What is the rarest coin ?
What group kidnaped Patricia Hearst ?
What month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?
What age followed the Bronze Age ?
When were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
How high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ?
What is another word for diet ?
Whose cupboard was bare ?
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
What 's a male witch called ?
What country has problems with hooligans ?
What town was the setting for The Music Man ?
"What makes Black Hills , South Dakota a tourist attraction ?"
"What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3 , 1939 ?"
What 's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model ?
Which airplane did Fawaz Younis hijack ?
Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?
How many horses are there on a polo team ?
"Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?"
How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France ?
How tall was the animated King Kong ?
What is the origin of the Christmas tree ?
What is a fear of glass ?
Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?
Who replies `` I know '' to Princess Leia 's confession `` I love you '' in The Empire Strikes Back ?
What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
What is Olestra ?
What were the ceremony traditions like during the Elizabethian times ?
How many acres in a mile ?
What ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
What is a gas release event ?
What is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?
What are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
What 's the capital of Iowa ?
Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?
Mississippi is nicknamed what ?
What are the top five oil-producing countries in the world ?
What color were their horses ?
Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
How tall is the giraffe ?
What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania ?
What is the longest English word ?
Whose first presidential order was : `` Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
What do West Indian steel bands use as instruments ?
What playing card symbolizes death ?
"What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?"
Who taught Matt Murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in Marvel comics ?
What country was Hitler the chancellor of ?
How many John Deere tractors have been manufactured ?
What else has the swastika stood for ?
What is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?
What was Thatcher 's first name ?
How can a foreigner get a U.S. Social Security card ?
What country did the Romans call Hibernia ?
What was Jimmy Durante 's theme song ?
What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique ?
When did Amtrak begin operations ?
How many points is a disk in the center hole worth in Crokinole ?
Where do the Grimace and Mayor McCheese live ?
"Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?"
What is a 2-sided object called ?
In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located ?
What is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?
In what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?
What is Australia Day ?
What was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
Why was Curious George curious ?
What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas ?
Why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?
What are the conjugations of wake and woke ?
How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?
Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?
Where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?
What is the former name of Zimbabwe ?
How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?
What are the first six words of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
What century does Captain Video live in ?
What U.S. President was the first to breed mules ?
"What feathered cartoon characters do Yugoslavians know as Vlaja , Gaja , and Raja ?"
Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?
How many times more than 3
What are different products of petroleum ?
How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
What is the smallest country in Africa ?
What is the web address at which I can find the e-mail address of a member of the US House of Representatives ?
"What is the location of Edinburgh , Scotland ?"
What is Ray Bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?
In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located ?
Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
What are fingernails made of ?
What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?
Who is the founder of Scientology ?
Who is Rocky 's and Bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
"Why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?"
What was the infamous feat of Germany 's U-2 submarine ?
How many chairs are shown in Vincent Van Gogh 's 188 work The Artist 's Room in Arles ?
What was Eduard Shevardnadze 's job in the Soviet Union ?
What does the word `` opera '' mean ?
Who was Whitcomb Judson ?
What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of ?
Where is the largest dam in the world ?
What famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for Blue Nun wine ?
What is hydrogen ?
What is a bourdon tube ?
What 's the Fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ?
Where is Guam ?
How many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
Why do girls have to wear training bras ?
Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?
What was the longest war in U.S. history ?
Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
What little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
What are Bellworts ?
Who is the one Independent Member of Congress ?
What kind of flowers does detective Nero Wolfe raise ?
What bay divides Maryland 's Eastern and Western Shores ?
What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?
What color is Mr. Spock 's blood ?
What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer ?
What nationality is Ileana Cotrubas ?
Where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?
What does caliente translate to in English ?
"What product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?"
What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?
What is the best distance education university or college ?
What did Thomas Paine write ?
Where did the Maya people live ?
What did The Gas House Gang play ?
"In Hemingway 's `` Old Man and the Sea , '' what kind of fish does the old man catch ?"
"What product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?"
What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?
What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?
What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life ?
What do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
What year were the Olympic Games played in where Nadia Comaneci became popular ?
How do you dunk ?
Why did the Shea & Gould law firm leave Los Angeles ?
How do you do a bibliography page ?
What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline ?
How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
What London street is the home of British journalism ?
Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 software so successful ?
What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?
How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?
What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?
Which of many numbered vats of Scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?
"Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?"
When was Calypso music invented ?
Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?
Which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?
What are emblazoned on the Jolly Roger ?
Who was made the first honorary citizen of the U.S. ?
What is limbo ?
How much is a Canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?
Where can I take a test that will tell me what I should be when I grow up ?
"What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?"
What is narcolepsy ?
In what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?
What was the favorite sport of Tom Wolfe 's The Pump House Gang ?
What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?
Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?
"What Broadway musical featured the song , `` If I were a rich man ? ''"
How did names come about ?
How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
What is the `` Global Economy '' ?
What beer 's name is translated as `` lion brew '' ?
"What is the claim to fame of Agra , India ?"
How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
What is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?
What 's the literary term for a play on words ?
What is the weakest bone in the body ?
Who is the current prime minister and president of Russia ?
What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
What is Jell-O made from ?
"What are the 7 principles of learning from the Institute for Research on Learning , IRL ?"
What is a storm surge ?
What diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?
What 's known as The queen of Drinks ?
When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?
What was the name of Aristotle Onassis 's yacht ?
"What was the 24-disc John Gabel Entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?"
How many grooves are on a dime ?
When did Mount St. Helens last erupt ?
What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
What city is near the mouth of the Amazon ?
What first-aid product `` Helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
What was the name of Robert Fulton 's most famous steamboat ?
What was Darth Vader 's son named ?
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?
Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?
Who wrote Brave New World ?
What lake is Sheboygan on ?
What trade did the 15th and 16th century Portuguese hope to control between Asia and Europe ?
Name the highest mountain .
Why are there letters on the telephone ? Why are there no Q or Z ?
Name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of Gasoline Alley .
Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language ?
What is probability theory ?
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
Where did the energy for the Big Bang come from ?
What does Tiffany mean ?
What is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the Marvel Universe ?
What 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?
What time does Wee Willie Winkie run through the town ?
What happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?
What one of the Backstreet Boys are single ?
What is Occam 's Razor ?
What language is mostly spoken in Brazil ?
Which of the following people is not associated with Andy Warhol ?
"What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?"
Where is the Bulls basketball team based ?
What fruit does the ficus produce ?
Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?
How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?
What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeil 's possession by the devil ?
What do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?
What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?
Which classical Spanish writer said `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
"What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?"
Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?
What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?
What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?
What company produces Spumante ?
What drink contains as many types of rum as possible ?
"Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?"
What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
Name a flying mammal .
What are the Low Countries ?
How many different vegetation zones are there ?
What kind of creatures are the Canary Islands named for ?
Where did Wile E. Coyote always get his devices ?
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
What 's the capital of Iowa ?
CNN began broadcasting in what year ?
When is the Thai New Year ?
What is e-commerce ?
What 's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle ?
What astronomer-architect designed the present St. Paul 's Cathedral in London ?
What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
"What children 's tale contains the line : `` Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?"
Who won the Battle of Gettysburg ?
"How many times has `` Louie , Louie '' been recorded ?"
What type of food makes you fat ?
What computer operating system is on the most computers ?
How did Jayne Mansfield die ?
Where 's Montenegro ?
What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
What is a fear of food ?
Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
What are the most albums sold by one artist or band ?
What is false consciousness ?
"What bay sparkles next to Miami , Florida ?"
What building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?
What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?
Why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?
What is Cabarnet Sauvignon ?
What country lies directly south of Detroit ?
What is the difference between a college and a university ?
How many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
Who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the Kalahari Desert in Africa ?
What 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
What penalty space lies between Baltic Avenue and Reading Railroad on a Monopoly board ?
What sea separates Naples and Algiers ?
"When Superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?"
What is it like to experience a near death episode ?
What does the number `` 5 '' stand for on FUBU clothing ?
What is the Hub of London ?
What is the best selling computer model ever ?
"What is the history of Hot Wheels cars , and how are they produced ?"
What is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?
Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?
When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?
How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
What are the cookies in Internet ?
Who is the worst US President ever ?
"What country claimed Rubens , Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens ?"
Who is Dear Abby ?
"Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?"
How can someone become a federal agent ?
What New England state covers 5.9 square miles ?
What is the abbreviated term used for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
"Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?"
What country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians ?
"What drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?"
What letter does Gorbachev 's middle name start with ?
What is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?
